https://www.commbank.com.au/home-loans/lenders-mortgage-insurance.html?ei=options_lmi

Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI) | CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI)

Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI)

A one-off insurance premium that can help you buy your property with a smaller deposit.

                        How it works

                        Features & benefits

                        Other low deposit borrowing options

                        Things you should know

                        Tools & support

Book appointment

How it works

Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI) is a one-off, non-refundable, non-transferrable premium that's added to your home loan. It's calculated based on the size of your deposit and how much you borrow. The more you contribute to the purchase price of your property, the lower the cost will be. LMI protects the bank against any loss we may incur if you are unable to repay your loan.

The circumstances of your home loan will determine whether LMI or a 
Low Deposit Premium (LDP)
 may apply. This includes when you restructure your home loan, top it up or refinance. This is because there may be an increased risk associated with each application.

We require you to take out LMI where there is an increased risk associated with your loan. 

Example

If you want to buy a house that’s worth $500,000, we would typically require you to have a deposit of $100,000 (20% of the property’s value). If you’ve only saved $50,000, but you have sufficient income to support the loan, you may be able to take advantage of Lenders Mortgage Insurance. We would then lend you the $450,000 needed to buy your new home. 

Our Home Lending Specialists can help explain when Lenders Mortgage Insurance may apply to your home loan, how much it will cost and what happens if there is a shortfall debt. 

Download our Low Deposit Options guide (PDF)

Features & benefits

Enter the property market sooner by taking out a home loan with a smaller deposit

Stop paying rent

Start growing equity in a home

By having LMI or LDP, you won't need to rely on a 
guarantor
 to supply additional security to secure your home loan

Other low deposit borrowing options

Low Deposit Premium

Similar to Lenders Mortgage Insurance, this additional cost can help you get your home loan with a smaller deposit.

Tell me about LDP

Property Share

Split the cost of a home with family or friends, while keeping individual control of your finances. Available for most home loans.

Find out about Property Share

Guarantor Support

A family member can help you secure a home loan by mortgaging their own property as additional security.

Tell me about Guarantor Support

Home Guarantee Scheme

You may be able to buy your first home sooner with a smaller deposit.

Find out more about the Scheme

Frequently asked questions

                                    What is Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI)?

LMI stands for Lenders Mortgage Insurance. It’s a type of insurance that helps protect the lender in case you’re unable to repay your home loan. LMI is usually required if your Loan-to-Value Ratio (LVR) is above 80%, meaning you have a deposit of less than 20% of the property’s value. While LMI helps protect the lender, it’s important to note that the cost is typically passed on to the borrower as a one-time premium, which is added to the loan amount.

                                    How much is Lenders Mortgage Insurance?

The cost of Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI) varies depending on several factors, including your Loan-to-Value Ratio (LVR), the size of your loan, and the lender's specific policies. Generally, LMI can range from 1% to 5% of your loan amount. For example, on a $500,000 loan with a 10% deposit, LMI could cost over $10,000. If you have a deposit of 20% or more, you typically won't need to pay LMI. 

Our 
Home Lending Specialists
 can help explain when Lenders Mortgage Insurance may apply to your home loan, how much it will cost and what happens if there is a shortfall debt.  

Things you should know

LMI is designed to protect us (CommBank), not you (the borrower), against the risk associated with providing you with a low deposit home loan and the potential loss we may incur if you’re unable to repay your home loan

All premiums are capitalised (added) to the total home loan amount when your home loan is settled. This means you’ll pay more interest over the agreed contracted loan term   

If you're unable to repay your home loan, we may step in to assist with the sale of the property. If the proceeds from the sale are not enough to pay off the loan in full, our insurer, Helia, may seek to recover the remaining debt from any borrower(s) (you) and, where applicable, any guarantor(s) on the home loan

If we ask you to pay LMI we won’t ask you to pay a Low Deposit Premium

You can get indicative quotes for LMI using our 
stamp duty (upfront costs) calculator

Tools & support

Calculators

How much can I borrow?

Upfront costs (stamp duty) calculator

Home loan repayments calculator

Show me more

Tools

Compare our home loans

Budget planner

Search for a property

Guidance

5 steps to saving for a house deposit

Understanding the costs of buying a home

Choosing the right investment home loan

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

Was the information on this page useful?

Yes

No

Thanks for your feedback. Have a suggestion? Please 
help us improve
.

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist about a new loan at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank