https://www.commbank.com.au/insurance/health-insurance.html?ei=nav-health

Compare private health insurance in Australia – Extras cover - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Insurance

                 / 

Health insurance

Health insurance

Provided by AIA Health

Protect your health, and your hip pocket. Get more out of your cover with insurance that rewards you. That’s clever cover.

                        CommBank & AIA Health

                        Why join AIA Health?

                        How to switch

                        AIA Vitality

                        FAQs

Get a quote

Explore options

CommBank & AIA Health

We’ve partnered with AIA Health to actively improve the health and financial wellbeing of Australians. We believe in providing you with health insurance that protects you and supports your wellbeing. AIA Health delivers innovative insurance solutions and is committed to helping you make better lifestyle choices, all while rewarding you for healthier living.

AIA Health Insurance is only available to CommBank customers that are Australian residents, aged 18 years or older.

Why join AIA Health?

No gap dental

Get no gap dental for eligible preventative services at a 
smile.com.au
 dentist.

100% back optical

Get 100% back on optical claims (up to your annual limit) at your choice of optical store.
1

Supporting mental wellbeing

All Extras policies provide cover for mental health benefits, which includes counselling. In addition, you’ll also have access to a number of tools and resources within the AIA Vitality app so you can be the healthiest version of yourself.
2

Exclusive cover options for CommBank customers

FlexiExtras

Choose how you spend your annual limit on your Extras. Plus, be rewarded the longer you hold your cover by receiving a $100 increase every year on your annual limits, for up to five years.

Extras Only

Cover for only general treatments and services, such as dental, optical and physiotherapy to help you save on out-of-pocket expenses.

Full range of cover

Choose from a range of Hospital only through to Combined cover options. AIA’s health insurance policies start with Basic (Accident Only) Hospital cover up to Gold Combined cover.

Switching to AIA Health is easy

AIA Health will honour any waiting periods you’ve already served

 Explore AIA’s range of health insurance cover options – Click ‘Get a quote’ and log on to NetBank to explore health insurance cover options that suits your needs and budget

Once you’ve found the cover you need, AIA Health will take care of the paperwork to switch you across

AIA Health will honour the waiting period you’ve already served with your previous fund, giving you immediate cover

Once you’re signed up to AIA Health, keep an eye out for your email to activate AIA Vitality. From there, download the AIA Vitality app and start earning ongoing rewards.

Get a quote

Be rewarded for a healthier lifestyle with AIA Vitality

Eligible AIA Health insurance policies include access to AIA Vitality (or AIA Vitality Starter)
3
, a personalised, science-backed health and wellbeing program that supports you every day to make healthier lifestyle choices. The program incentivises you to know your health and improve your lifestyle. Plus, you’ll get rewarded with lower insurance premiums, discounts and cashbacks on great partners and more.

Earn up to $760 every membership year in vouchers from AIA Vitality partners or cashback into your CommBank account.
3

Earn discounts on gym memberships, fitness devices, as well as cashback on eligible Virgin Australia flights.

And, once you reach and maintain AIA Vitality Silver Status, you’ll also unlock additional benefits, including:

A 5% AIA Vitality annual discount on your health insurance premiums every year. This discount applies automatically when you first join. 

100% refund of your hospital excess ($500 or $750) or, for Gold Hospital cover, a refund of one day's co-payment when you have held a policy for at least six months.
4

An additional 10% back on your non-dental extras (up to annual limits).
5

Tell me more

Rated best health insurance 2022 to 2025

For four years in a row AIA Health Insurance has won a 
ProductReview.com.au
 award, taking out Best Health Insurance 2022 - 2025. Top points were awarded to AIA’s helpful customer service and transparency. 

FAQs

                                    Do I need Health Insurance?

If you are thinking about health insurance, it can help to understand some of the 
reasons
 why it might be the right choice for you.

                                    What is Hospital cover?

Hospital cover helps to cover the costs of being treated in hospital. Having Hospital cover means you can be treated in a private hospital and avoid public hospital waiting lists. You get more control over where you're treated, and who treats you.

Each level of AIA Health Insurance Hospital Cover (from Basic to Gold) is differentiated by the list of treatments included. For example, cover to be treated in a private hospital for pregnancy is only available on our Silver Plus Family Hospital and Gold Hospital cover.

                                    What is Extras cover?

Extras cover is for treatments that do not take place in a hospital, like visits to the dentist, physiotherapy or optical services. AIA Health Insurance Extras cover can be taken as Extras Only (exclusive to CommBank customers) or as Combined cover. The types of services you can claim under your Extras cover will depend on the level of cover you take out, but essentially this type of cover is to help with services and treatments received out-of-hospital, that aren't covered by Medicare.

                                    What is Combined cover?

Combined cover refers to taking out both Hospital and Extras cover. That's why you'll hear the term 'Hospital and Extras' used so much when it comes to health insurance - it's a popular choice.

                                    How do I get the private health insurance rebate?

Most Australians with private health insurance currently receive a rebate from the Australian Government to help cover the cost of their premiums, either as:

A reduction of your AIA Health Insurance premium; or

A lump sum payment when lodging your tax return

The level of your rebate depends on your income and your age. To find out how much you could get back, use the 
Private Health Insurance Rebate Calculator
 on the Australian Taxation Office website.

                                    What is the Medicare Surcharge Levy (MLS)?

The MLS is simply an extra tax that people above a certain income threshold have to pay if they don't have eligible private hospital cover. It's calculated in three tiers for singles and couples/families. Find out more about the MLS on 
PrivateHealth.gov.au
.

                                    What is Lifetime Health Cover (LHC) loading?

The LHC loading is a Government loading on your private hospital cover premiums. It was introduced on 1 July 2000 to encourage people to take out private hospital cover earlier in life and encourage them to maintain it. LHC is a 2% loading on top of your premium for every year you don't have hospital cover after you turn 30. The maximum loading is 70%. 
Learn more about LHC
.

Was the information on this page useful?

Yes

No

Thanks for your feedback. Have a suggestion? Please 
help us improve
.

Things you should know

1
 Optical cover is not available on Base Set Extras

2
 Two month waiting period applies

3
 AIA Vitality and AIA Vitality Starter are provided by AIA Australia. Eligibility for membership to the AIA Vitality or AIA Vitality Starter program arises under, and is subject to, the AIA Vitality Terms and Conditions. Access to AIA Vitality or AIA Vitality Starter is dependent upon the insurance product held. Customers who purchase a Basic Accident Only or Basic Plus Hospital policy will have access to AIA Vitality Starter and customers who purchase a Bronze or above Hospital policy will get access to AIA Vitality. AIA Vitality and AIA Vitality Starter is not available on Extras Only polices. AIA Vitality and AIA Vitality Starter partners, benefits and rewards are subject to change at any time. For the most up-to-date information and to view the AIA Vitality Terms and Conditions see 
aiavitality.com.au
.

4
 If, at the time you are admitted to hospital, you have held an AIA Health policy for a minimum of six months and have an AIA Vitality Silver Status or higher, we will refund your excess or one day’s co-payment, whichever applies. No refund is available when claiming on the following clinical categories: Cataracts, Joint replacements, Dialysis for chronic kidney failure, Pregnancy and birth, Assisted reproductive services, Weight loss surgery, Insulin pumps, Pain management with Device & Sleep Studies.

5
 Excluding dental treatments.

The health insurance products described on this website are issued by AIA Health Insurance Pty Ltd (ABN 32 611 323 034) (AIA Health) and are distributed by AIA Financial Services Limited (ABN 68 008 540 252) (AIA Financial Services), a wholly owned subsidiary of AIA Australia Limited (ABN 79 004 837 861) (AIA Australia).

Commonwealth Bank of Australia (ABN 48 123 123 124) (CBA) has been authorised by AIA Financial Services to promote health insurance products issued by AIA Health to its customers, for which CBA receives a commission. AIA Health, AIA Financial Services and AIA Australia are not part of the CBA Group and CBA does not guarantee and is not responsible for the performance of the health insurance products issue by AIA Health or the obligations of AIA Health, AIA Financial Services or AIA Australia. For more information about the products and services CBA provides, you should read CBA’s 
Financial Services Guide
 and 
Privacy Policy
.

This information is current as at the date of this communication and may change. It is general information only and is not intended in any way to be financial, legal, tax, health, medical, nutritional or other advice. You should consider your own personal circumstances and needs and view the relevant product documents, fact sheets, fund rules and terms and conditions before making a decision to acquire such products. If necessary you should obtain professional advice from a financial, tax, medical or health professional. 

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank