https://www.commbank.com.au/credit-cards/low-rate-personalised-rates.html

Personalised Interest Rates on Low Rate credit cards - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Credit Cards

                 / 

Personalised Interest Rates on Low Rate credit cards

Personalised Interest Rates on Low Rate credit cards

New customers who apply for a Low Rate credit card from 10 December 2024, will be offered a personalised interest rate on purchases on approval, from within a range of 10.99% p.a. to 15.99% p.a.
1

                        FAQs

More about Low Rate credit card

Frequently asked questions

What is a Personalised Interest Rate
?

A personalised interest rate is the rate we offer you from within the range of rates available on Low Rate credit cards, currently 10.99% p.a. to 15.99% p.a.
1
 The rate you’re offered depends on a number of factors including your individual credit risk score and the information we have about you as an existing customer. Other considerations may also apply. 

What is a credit risk score
?

Your individual credit risk score is a number that reflects our internal assessment of your credit worthiness, such as your ability to repay your bills on time. If you have a high credit risk score, this means you’re rated as being more likely to pay back a loan on time. 

Will my personalised interest rate change
?

During the term of your credit contract, your personalised interest rate will be reviewed periodically and may change upon review.

What can I do to improve my credit risk score
?

An excellent credit history may be achieved by, among other things, paying your bills and making loan repayments on or ahead of time, being disciplined with your credit applications and maintaining a positive balance in your CBA savings or transaction account.  

Actions that can negatively impact your credit history include missing bill or loan repayments, defaulting on your credit facility, or making multiple credit applications in a short period of time.

How will I know what my personalised interest rate is?

You will be notified of your personalised interest rate when we approve your Low Rate credit card application. You will have the option to accept or not proceed with the application. 

Once your facility is established, your personalised interest rate will appear as the Purchase Interest Rate for your Low Rate credit card in NetBank; viewable under the Account Information tab for your Low Rate credit card facility. Your personalised interest rate will also appear as your Purchase Rate on your Low Rate credit card statement.   

Will I be notified of changes to my personalised interest rate
?

The personalised rate will be reviewed periodically and may change upon review.  Where your personalised interest rate changes you will be notified of the change as agreed in your Conditions of Use.

Is the interest rate for cash advances personalised
?

No, personalised interest rates for the Low Rate credit card apply to purchases only. The cash advance interest rate can be viewed 
here
.

Will I receive a personalised interest rate if I switch to a new Low Rate credit card
?

From 10 December 2024, all customers who switch to a Low Rate credit card from an existing CommBank credit card, will be offered an interest rate of 13.99% p.a.

What happens if I lose my Low Rate credit card
?

If you happen to lose an existing Low Rate credit card on a facility established prior to 10 December 2024, you will receive a replacement card which features the standard interest rate of 13.99% p.a.

If you happen to lose an existing Low Rate credit card on a facility established after December 10  2024, you will receive a replacement card which features your personalised interest rate.

We're here to help

Contact us

Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.

FAQs

Search support and our most frequently asked questions.

Find a branch

Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.

Things you should know

1
 From 10 December 2024, interest rates offered on approval vary from 10.99% p.a. to 15.99% p.a. The rate offered to you (your personalised interest rate) within this range depends on different factors, including your individual credit risk score.

Once your credit contract is entered into, your personalised interest rate will be reviewed periodically and may change upon review. We may also vary the range of rates available for new Low Rate credit cards at any time. We’ll notify you as outlined in the conditions of use if your personalised interest rate changes.  

All customers with an existing CommBank Low Rate credit card, and customers who switch from an existing CommBank credit card to a Low Rate credit card will retain or will be offered an interest rate of 13.99% p.a. This rate may be varied at any time during the term of the credit contract.

CommBank acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©2024 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank