https://www.commbank.com.au/home-loans/guarantor-support.html?ei=options_guarantor

Guarantor Support - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Guarantor support

Home Loan Guarantor Support

A guarantor could help you buy your property sooner.

                        What is Guarantor Support?

                        Features & benefits

                        Things to consider

                        How to apply

                        Tools & support 

Book appointment 

What is Guarantor Support?

A guarantor is someone, for example a family member, who can help you secure a home loan by agreeing to offer their own property as additional security for your loan.

By having someone else provide a guarantee, we may be able to lend to you in situations where you may not be able to secure the full loan amount by yourself.

Guarantor Support is available with most of our 
flexible home loans
.

Download guarantor guide

Features & benefits

Own property sooner

Enter the market sooner as either a home owner or investor

Flexibility & affordability

Borrow more than you might otherwise be able to without guarantor help

The amount a guarantor offers as security could be the entire amount of the borrower’s loan, or less than this

You may be able to avoid paying 
Lenders Mortgage Insurance
 or 
Low Deposit Premium

Things to consider

Financial risk

Acting as guarantor for a borrower means you agree to repay the home loan if the borrower can’t meet the repayment terms and conditions of their loan contract. If we need to seek any security you’ve provided in support of the guarantee, you could lose your property and/or suffer other serious financial losses.

Your credit report may also be negatively affected.

Seek independent advice

Choosing to act as guarantor can be a major commitment. We strongly recommend you seek independent legal and financial advice to understand your obligations, risks and potential impacts on your financial situation before you make this commitment.

Note: You must seek legal advice and sign a Statutory Declaration form before entering into a Family Security Support, Property Share or Spousal Security Support agreement. 

How to apply 

One of our Home Lending Specialists can help you understand whether using a guarantor or offering to be a guarantor is right for your circumstances.

Book appointment

Tools & support

Calculators

Stamp duty (upfront costs) calculator

How much can I borrow?

What would my repayments be?

Tools

Budget Planner

Search for a property

Compare our home loans

Keep reading

Property Share

Bridging Finance

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Things you should know

Subject to credit approval. Fees, charges, terms and conditions apply. As this advise has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances before acting on the advice.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank