https://www.commbank.com.au/home-loans/property-share.html?ei=options_share

Property Share | CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Property Share

Property Share

Helping first home buyers and investors get into the property market sooner with alternate pathways to buying a home.

                        What is Property Share?

                        Features & benefits

                        How to apply

                        Tools & support

Book appointment

Download PDF guide

What is Property Share?

Want to share your property costs with someone else? Property Share allows you to split the cost of buying a home with family and friends, while retaining individual control of your finances.

All Property Share borrowers must be owners of the property and guarantee each other’s home loan(s) as security. A maximum of two home loan applications per security is allowed, but each application may have multiple borrowers or multiple loan products (such as a split loan). 

Property Share is available for individuals, non-trading companies and/or family/unit/hybrid trusts who take out one of our 
Standard Variable Rate
, 
Simple Home Loan
, 
Fixed Rate
 or 
Extra
 home loans.

Property Share cannot be used for business purposes, bridging loans, land purchase or building and construction loans.

Features & benefits

Convenience

Pool your money with friends or family to buy your first home or enter the market as a property investor

You may be able to buy a bigger or more expensive property than  you would otherwise be able to afford on your own

Flexibility

Split the costs of your home any way you like and let each borrower decide how they want to manage their loan repayments

Each borrower can access a range of features including redraw facilities, mortgage offset accounts and lines of credit

Things to consider

By going into a Property Share agreement you are providing a guarantee, which can involve serious financial risk to you if the other borrower(s) can’t meet the terms and conditions of their loan contract. Your credit report may also be negatively impacted

We
strongly recommend you seek independent legal and financial advice before
providing a guarantee to understand your risks, obligations and potential
impact on your financial situation

How to apply

Each borrower must be an owner of the property (no third-party guarantors) and show they can repay their portion of the home loan (prove servicing of the loan)

You’ll need to guarantee each other’s loans as security support

You must seek legal advice and all sign a Statutory Declaration form before entering into a Property Share agreement

For more details about Property Share, you can make an appointment with a Home Lending Specialist online, 
contact us
, or visit your closest branch.

Book appointment

Tools & support

Calculators

Stamp duty (upfront costs) calculator

How much can I borrow?

What would my repayments be?

Tools

Budget Planner

Search for a property

Compare our home loans

Other support options

Guarantor Support

Home Guarantee Scheme

CommBank Property & Suburb Reports

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Things you should know

As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances before acting on the advice. You should also read our 
Financial Services Guide
.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank