https://www.commbank.com.au/credit-cards/awards.html?ei=awards_a_tellmemore

CommBank Awards Card | Awards Points Credit Card - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Credit Cards

                 / 

Awards Credit Card

CommBank Awards Credit Card

Earn CommBank Awards points with your everyday spend with the Awards credit card.

                        At a glance

                        Awards program

                        CommBank Yello Cashback Offers

                        Rates & fees

                        Support

Apply now

Close

×

Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details or CommBank App.

Apply online

                        or

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Get started

At a glance

What you'll get

Earn 1 Awards point per $1 spent on eligible purchases, up to and including $2,000 in a statement period
1

Earn unlimited points per year
1

Cashback benefits for eligible cardholders through 
CommBank Yello Cashback Offers
2
 in the CommBank app

Monthly fee: $8 per month

20.99% p.a. interest rate on purchases

Up to 44 days interest-free on purchases

Pay no additional cardholder fee

Minimum credit limit of $500

Priceless.com
 offers and experiences

Complimentary access to book flights and hotels for eligible customers via Travel Booking (Provided by Hopper)
7
. 
Search for Travel Booking 
accessible via the CommBank app (search Travel Booking in the search bar) or 
click here

Complimentary Purchase Security and Extended Warranty insurance provided by Cover-More
^

With 
SurePay instalment plans
 you can pay off all or part of your credit card balance of $600 or more within a set time with a Balance/Cash Advance Plan or take advantage of a Purchase Plan (a set-up fee applies) with 0% interest on purchases made in the last 14 days
8
.

Trade-offs

Higher monthly fee compared to our 
Low Fee
 and 
Low Rate
 credit cards

Higher interest rate on purchases compared to our 
Low Rate
 credit cards. May not be suitable if you only make minimum repayments over a prolonged period of time​

Lower points earning potential than our 
Smart Awards
 and 
Ultimate Awards
 card

After spending $2,000 in a given statement period, the Awards point earn rate is 0.5 Awards points per $1 spent for the remainder of your statement period
1

You will not be able to opt-in to earn Qantas Points

International travel insurance isn’t included

International transaction fees apply

Choice of program

CommBank Awards program

CommBank offers the largest rewards program of any bank in Australia based on number of cardholders.
3

Earn Bonus Points when you make purchases with your credit card at one of our 
bonus partners

Earn unlimited Awards points per year
1

No expiry on points earned

Redeem Award points at Travel Booking (provided by Hopper)
7
 accessible via the CommBank app (search Travel Booking in the search bar) or 
click here
.

Redeem exclusively at 
Myer
4
 and 
Flight Centre
5
, or choose from a range of items on the 
Awards site
 - including Gift Cards, electronics, appliances, and cash back (please note from 1 October 2025 members will no longer be able to redeem at Flight Centre or from the Awards eShop).

Earn 1 Awards point
1

per $1 spent on eligible purchases, up to and including $2,000 in a statement period. After spending $2,000, the Awards point earn rate is 0.5 Awards points per $1 spent

Use 
NetBank
 or the 
CommBank app
 to check or redeem points

Discover more

CommBank Yello Cashback Offers

CommBank is rewarding you when you shop, which is why we’ve partnered with big brands to give you cashback when you activate and redeem your 
CommBank Yello Cashback Offers
.

Personalised 
offers

We'll send you shopping offers based on where you've shopped before, and similar places we think you'll like.

Available to eligible
2
 Mastercard
®
 cardholders in the CommBank app.

Rates & fees

Other fees may apply so check our 
standard fees and charges
 and read the 
key facts about our credit cards
.

Type

Rates & fees

Conditions

Additional cardholder fee

Free

Pay no additional cardholder fee to share the convenience of your card with someone else. 

Monthly fee

$8 per month

Cash advance interest rate

21.99% p.a.

Cash advance fee

$4.00 or 3.00% of the transaction amount – whichever is greater
6

This is charged for cash advances from CommBank branches or other Australian financial institutions, ATMs, overseas terminals or financial institutions, funds transfers using CommBank networks and purchases of cash equivalent items, such as gambling, lottery tickets and money transfers.
6

Interest free period on purchases

Up to 44 days

International transaction fee

3.50%

This is charged when you make a transaction in a foreign currency or make a transaction in Australian dollars using your Mastercard:

While overseas; or

In Australia (for example online) where the merchant, or the financial institution or entity processing the transaction, is located overseas

For cash advances, the cash advance fee will apply.

Late payment fee

$20

The amount charged when you don’t make your minimum monthly payment, plus any overdue amount, by your statement due date.

Minimum credit limit

$500

Purchase interest rate

20.99% p.a.

Prepare for take-off with Travel Booking, provided by Hopper

CommBank Yello customers can receive up to 10% of the booking amount back in travel credits to use towards any future purchases in Travel Booking.
#

Explore travel

Switch your existing CommBank Mastercard credit card

Bonus Awards Points or Qantas Points offers are only available to new Awards customers. By switching to Awards you are not eligible.

Switch to Awards

Support

Getting started

Activate your card and create a PIN

Add an additional cardholder

Understanding your statement

Understanding common credit card fees

Managing your card

How do I find and redeem Awards points

Lock, Block, Limit your card

Manage your credit limit

Lost, damaged or stolen cards

Show me more

Managing your payments

Set up AutoPay

Make the most of your interest free period

What makes up your credit card balance

Looking for something else?

Compare credit cards

Compare our Low Rate, Low Fee, Interest free and Awards credit cards.

Credit card comparison tool

Help me choose

Answer up to 4 questions and we'll show a card that may suit your needs.

Credit card selector tool

Discover current offers

Compare our latest credit card offers to find the one to suit your needs.

See all offers

Show all credit cards

Compare credit cards, apply and get a response in 60 seconds.

Show me all cards

Looking for a personal loan?

Take me there

How do rewards credit cards work?

A rewards scheme can award you for spending on your credit card – but is a rewards card right for you?

Tell me more

Tips for travelling overseas with your credit card

4 credit card mistakes to avoid

Having a good idea of how you’ll use your credit card can help you choose one that best suits your needs and offers the features and benefits you want.

Tell me more

We can help

Your questions answered

Contact us

Visit your nearest branch

Things you should know

1 
How you earn or redeem CommBank Awards points will be subject to the 
Commonwealth (CommBank) Awards Program Terms & Conditions
. You only earn points on eligible transactions (this excludes, for example, BPAY transactions, cash advances, balance transfers and payments to the Australian Taxation Office unless made using a Business Awards card). The number of points you can earn may be capped. Awards and the number of points required for Awards are subject to change at any time without notice.

How Awards points work:

Earn 1 Awards point for every $1 spent on eligible purchases, up to and including $2,000 in statement period. Once you have spent $2,000 in any given statement period, you will earn 0.5 Awards points for every $1 you spend on any other purchases within that period.

You will not be able to opt-in to earn Qantas Points.

2
 The CommBank Yello Cashback Offers program (‘CommBank Yello Cashback Offers’) rewards you with cashback after you activate (where required) an offer presented to you via the CommBank app and you make a purchase in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of that offer. Cashback is typically received within 14 business days of a qualifying purchase, but in some cases may take longer. If you are not already enrolled, you can enrol if you are at least 18 years old, hold an eligible CommBank credit Mastercard or debit Mastercard, Business credit Mastercard or StepPay digital card, and meet the ‘Base eligibility criteria’ in the ‘CommBank Yello Terms and Conditions’ (latest version available on our website at commbank.com.au) (‘CommBank Yello’).

3
 Source: DBM Consultants, customers 18+ with a rewards/loyalty card in the 12 months to March 2023.

4
 Pay with CommBank Awards points available online at myer.com.au or at any Myer retail store in Australia when presenting a valid CommBank Awards credit card. Ask a Myer team member in-store to check the redeemable value of your points. Some exclusions apply, including using points to pay Myer card accounts, lay-by, purchases at some food and service outlets; and Miele appliances. More information is available at myer.com.au. Points cannot be redeemed for cash. A minimum redemption value of $1 applies per transaction. A maximum of 1 million points redemption per day applies. Refer to the CommBank Awards website, accessible through NetBank, for full terms and conditions. Redemption of Awards points using your credit card via Apple Pay is unavailable in-store at Myer stores Australia-wide. Customers must use their Awards credit card to pay with points at Myer.

5
 All travel products and offers from Flight Centre Travel Group are subject to availability and can only be booked by the general public. The redemption of Awards points for travel at Flight Centre Travel Group is subject to terms and conditions of the CommBank Awards program available at commbank.com.au as well as booking agency online and retail booking terms and conditions. Flight Centre Travel Group (ABN 25 003 377 188) trading as Flight Centre and Travel Associates. ATAS Accreditation No. A10412. Redemption of Awards points using your credit card via Apple Pay is unavailable in-store at Flight Centre stores Australia-wide and for Flight Centre online via the Awards website. Customers must present their Awards credit card to pay with points at Flight Centre.

6
 A maximum charge of $300 (or a flat fee of $4.00 applies if your closing balance on previous business day was in credit).

Refer to the CommBank Awards website, accessible through NetBank, for full terms and conditions. 

The information on this website has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. Because of that, you should, before acting on the information, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Please view our

Financial Services Guide
. Applications for credit cards are subject to credit approval. Full terms and conditions will be included in our Letter of Offer. Bank fees and charges apply. Please view our 
Credit Card Conditions of Use
. 

Mastercard, Priceless and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.

7
 Redemption of awards points to pay for flight or hotel bookings is available via the Travel Booking Website. Travel Booking is provided by Hopper Inc (Hopper). Hopper is not part of the CBA Group. CBA is not responsible for the content on this portal, nor the provision of any of the services that are offered through this portal. The services offered are subject to the Travel Booking terms and conditions found at 
travelbooking.hopper.com/terms
. CBA does not guarantee the obligations or performance of Hopper or the services it offers. Travel Booking is only accessible to active CommBank retail or business credit and debit card, StepPay card or Travel Money Card customers over the age of 18. Customers must pay all or part of their travel booking using their eligible CommBank credit or debit card, StepPay, Travel Money card, CommBank Awards points or Travel Credits. Eligible cards comprise of active CommBank retail or business credit and debit cards, StepPay or Travel Money cards

CommBank will receive a portion of the revenue generated from the Travel Booking platform

For full terms and conditions on the features provided by Hopper, visit 
travelbooking.hopper.com/terms

The redemption of Awards points for travel is subject to the 
CommBank Awards program terms and conditions
 as well as Travel Booking terms and conditions found 
here
.

8
 You won't be able to apply for an instalment plan if you don't meet our criteria (e.g. if you have exceeded your limit or you are in default). Instalment plans are not available on CommBank Neo, non-Awards Business Cards, corporate cards or balance transfers. The terms of the 
CommBank Credit Card Conditions of Use
 relating to instalment plans (section 5) will apply.

While you have an instalment plan, payments to your credit card will be applied in the following order:

Current monthly instalments, starting with interest and instalment setup fee, if applicable

Your non-instalment-plan balances

Your remaining instalment balances

This means that your current monthly instalment payments are always paid first, even if you have other balances with higher interest rates (such as cash advances or purchases not in a plan). If you have multiple plans, payments will be applied to the plans in order of highest to lowest interest rate, or if all plan interest rates are the same, from oldest to newest.

Any interest-free period on purchases will no longer apply once the purchase is put on a plan.

You can cancel your instalment plan at any time. When a cancellation is processed, the outstanding instalment balance will be transferred to your purchases balance (or cash advance balance for cancelled cash advance plans) and accrue interest from the transfer date at your account’s standard purchase (or cash advance) rate, which may have changed from when you first set up your SurePay plan.

If you miss a monthly instalment payment, the unpaid instalment amount for that month will be returned to your main balance and you’ll be charged interest at your accounts standard purchase (or cash advance) rate, which may have changed from when you first set up your SurePay plan. If you cancel a plan this will also apply to any outstanding balance.

If you miss three consecutive payments we’ll automatically cancel your SurePay plan. You won’t be charged a fee if your plan is cancelled – however any outstanding balance will be transferred back to your purchase (or cash advance) rate and added to the total owing on your latest statement on the cancellation date. From the transfer date, you’ll be charged interest at your accounts standard purchase (or cash advance) rate. Please refer to your most recent statement to confirm your card's current interest rate as this may have changed since you first set up your SurePay plan.

SurePay Purchase Plan terms and conditions

To pay off a one-off purchase of $100 or more, made in the last 14 days with a 0% p.a. interest rate for a fee of 2% for 3 month plans, 3% for 6 month plans and 5% for 12 month plans.

Minimum transaction amount per term: $100 for 3 months, $150 for 6 months and $300 for 12 months.

Your monthly plan repayment is calculated by dividing the total plan amount (including the set-up fee), by the number of months in the plan term. The set-up fee is included as part of your first Monthly Instalment Payment, and when you make your first repayment, the repayment will be used first towards paying off the set-up fee, then towards the purchase amount. The fee is non-refundable if you cancel or pay off your plan early.

The 0% p.a. interest rate is only available for ‘Card purchase plans’ and not ‘Card balance plans’ or ‘Cash advance balance plans’.

^
Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Insurances are issued by Cover-More Insurance Services Pty Ltd (AFSL 241713, ABN 95 003 114 145) on behalf of the insurer Zurich Australian Insurance Limited (AFSL 232507, ABN 13 000 296 640). Cover-More administers the products and arranges the issue of the insurance to Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA)(AFSL 234945, ABN 48 123 123 124) who then provides the insurance to the cardholder in line with the agreement. Limits, sub-limits, conditions and exclusions apply. Please read the 
Credit Card Insurances Information Booklet
 for more information.

 Travel booking, provided by Hopper

# 
CommBank Yello Plus customers receive 5% back in travel credits. This applies to the hotel booking amount you pay for excluding any Awards points or travel credits redeemed. 

CommBank Yello Gold customers receive 5% back in travel credits. This applies to the hotel or flight booking amount you pay for excluding any Awards points or travel credits redeemed. 

CommBank Yello Diamond customers receive 10% back in travel credits. This applies to the hotel or flight booking amount you pay for excluding any Awards points or travel credits redeemed. You’ll also receive a $100 first time use travel credit which will be automatically applied to your Travel Booking wallet on your first visit to the Travel Booking website after entering Diamond status. This is limited to one per customer, regardless of movement between tiers.

For more information about the CommBank Yello program, visit 
commbank.com.au/commbankyello

Travel credits will be applied to your Travel Booking Wallet within 7 business days of your booking and have a 2-year expiry from the booking transaction date. If you cancel or the supplier cancels the flight or hotel booking for any reason, the amount back in travel credits will be forfeited. Travel credits are not transferable or exchangeable for cash. Expiry dates can be viewed in your Wallet & Offers page of the Travel Booking website. 

When redeeming travel credits, the entire value of your travel credit wallet will be applied to pay for all or a portion of the booking amount in a single transaction. If the booking amount is less than the total value of your travel credits, the remaining balance will remain in your wallet for future use.

In the event that you no longer hold an active eligible CommBank card, you will forfeit all your travel credits.

All travel products and offers from Travel Booking are subject to availability and can only be booked by eligible CommBank cardholders.

Eligible cards comprise of active CommBank retail or business credit and debit cards, StepPay card or Travel Money Cards.

Travel Booking is provided by Hopper Inc (Hopper). Hopper is not part of the CBA Group. CBA is not responsible for the content on this portal, nor the provision of any of the services that are offered through this portal. The services offered are subject to the Travel Booking terms and conditions. CBA does not guarantee the obligations or performance of Hopper or the services it offers. CommBank Awards customers can choose to use all or part or all of their Awards points for payment of their booking.

CommBank will receive a portion of the revenue generated from the Travel Booking platform.

For full terms and conditions on the features provided by Hopper, visit 
travelbooking.hopper.com/terms

Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit license 234945

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank