https://www.commbank.com.au/latest/partnerships/50-off-more-nbn.html

More nbn® offer - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

Get $50 off every month on a new More nbn
®
 plan for 3 years when you're ready to settle by 31 October 2025
¹

An exclusive offer for CommBank Home loan customers.

Claim offer on More website

Offer details

Save on your internet bills for your home. If you’re approved for a home loan of $250,000 or more and are ready to settle by 31 October 2025, you’ll get $50 off every month on a new More nbn
®
 plan for 3 years.
1

It’s just one of the ways we’d like to say thanks for choosing CommBank.

More’s 
nbn plans
 include unlimited data and a free standard connection.

Plus, with no lock-in contracts you can change or update your plan anytime!

The discount amount is $50 off More nbn plans. You'll only pay the difference.

How to redeem

Once your home loan is ready to settle, you will receive your unique offer code within 14 days via email, NetBank or the CommBank app. If you haven’t received the code within 14 days, contact your lender directly. To claim your offer, follow the steps below:

Visit the 
More website

Enter your unique code and click ‘
verify
’ to proceed

Select your preferred 
nbn plan
 (now reduced by $50 per month), and follow the prompts

Use your CommBank credit or debit card as your online bill payment method. You’ll need to claim your unique code by 30 April 2026

If you’re already a More customer, simply create a case in the 
More self-service portal
 and attach this email showing your unique code
1

Start your home buying journey

Speak with one of our Home Lending Specialists to learn more about this exclusive offer.  

Book appointment

Eligibility

Offer available to customers with approved home loans and are ready to settle by 31 October 2025 (offer not available for Bridging Loans or Construction Loans)

Home loan must be $250,000 or more

You must sign up with a CommBank credit or debit card to receive the discount and claim using your code by 30 April 2026

To continue to receive the discount, you must keep your home loan with CommBank and continue to use an eligible CommBank online bill payment method for your More services for the duration of the offer (3 years) 

Products and services provided by More

As a CommBank customer, you can access exclusive offers and competitive prices from Australian-owned companies such as More. 

More is a forward-thinking, customer-focused provider that specialises in nbn and mobile plans that can help you save money.

Partly owned by CommBank, More’s nbn services will be integrated into the CommBank app over time enabling you to self-manage your internet plans.

Features and benefits

Exclusive monthly savings

With this offer, you’ll get $50 a month off a new More nbn plan for three years and you'll only pay the difference. Modem not included.

Fast internet

Choose from six plans based on your personal or business needs and enjoy fast, reliable internet with unlimited data.

No lock-in contracts

Change or upgrade your plan as you need.

Extended hours on tech support

With seven-day tech support, you can always get help if you need it – even on weekends.

See our home loan options

Find out more about our home loans

We can help

Your questions answered

Contact us

Visit your nearest branch

Things you should know

CommBank has an ownership interest in More. More and CommBank have entered into a strategic alliance agreement. You should read  
More’s customer policies
 before making any decision about their service. 

By clicking on any links directing to the More website and commencing the sign-up process, More will collect and handle your personal information under its collection notices and privacy policy as outlined on its website. 

1 
Offer of $50 off per month the Recommended Retail Price (RRP) of a More nbn plan for three years is for customers with conditional pre-approval of an eligible CommBank home loan who then find a property and fund $250,000 or more between 1 November 2024 and 31 October 2025. This new nbn offer is available to proprietary originated applications only. To receive this offer, you must then sign up for a new More nbn plan using a CommBank credit or debit card as your online bill payment method. You may sign up to any More nbn plan. If you choose to do this, you will be entitled to a discount which is equal to $50 off per month the RRP of a More nbn plan throughout the three-year period, provided you continue to satisfy all ongoing eligibility requirements. Once you’re ready to settle your eligible home loan by 31 October 2025, you should receive your unique offer code within 14 days. Limit of one offer code per borrowing entity (e.g. individual, joint borrowers, company) and per customer. Limit of one offer code per joint application. All offer codes issued in connection with this offer are valid until 30 April 2026. Any offer codes not redeemed by that date will expire. Not available for Bridging Loans or Construction Loans. The discount on your More nbn plan commences from the day your nbn service is first activated and runs for three years. After three years the cost of your plan will revert to the RRP current at that time, subject to an ongoing monthly discount of 10% off RRP as long as you use an eligible CommBank online bill payment method. You may change to a different More nbn plan, in which case you will receive a discount for the rest of the three-year period equal to $50 off per month the RRP of a More nbn plan, and you must pay any additional monthly plan fees above this discount. If your selected nbn plan has its features or pricing changed, you will be notified. If your plan is no longer available, you will be notified and switched over to a comparable plan with the closest terms and pricing and this offer will be applied to that plan for the rest of the three-year period. The offer cannot be used in conjunction with other offers or discounts. You must continue to have an eligible CommBank home loan throughout the three-year term to maintain the discounts available with this offer. You must continue to have your CommBank credit or debit card registered as the preferred online bill payment method on your account. Alternatively, after checkout you may change your online bill payment method to a direct debit from a CommBank account and remain eligible for this offer. If you change your online bill payment method to an ineligible payment method during the three-year promotional period, you will forfeit the discount for any months that you pay with an ineligible payment method. Access to the offer will be revoked with effect from the month in which you change to an ineligible payment method with the cost of your plan reverting to the RRP current at that time. You will not receive an extension on the three-year promotion period for any months forfeited, but your discount will be reinstated for any remaining portion of the three years after you change back to an eligible payment method. If you change to an ineligible payment method after the first three years, you will forfeit the ongoing monthly discount in entirety. Once you sign up to More under this offer, you have 30 days to activate your service. CommBank customers are only entitled to receive a discount on a maximum of two nbn services per account. This limit applies regardless of whether any services were added under this More offer, or any other More nbn offer that has been or may become available to you. The RRP of More nbn plans are subject to change in accordance with More’s terms of service. This offer is on a no-fixed-term contract and you’re free to cancel at any time. However, cancelling your service will forfeit any remaining discounted months. All discounts available with this offer apply to monthly plan fees and do not apply in relation to any hardware charges or any fees in respect of additional services or usage outside of plan inclusions. Offer does not have to be used at the funded property and can be used at any address where a More nbn service is confirmed as available. If you sign up, More will be your nbn service provider and will handle all technical enquiries, complaints and servicing. The provision of your service will be subject to More’s standard terms of service and policies, available on the 
More website
. CommBank reserves the right to remove this offer at any time. For existing customers, the discount can only be applied at a new property.

The target market for this product can be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, available at 
commbank.com.au/tmd
.

To contact us, please visit the 
Contact Us
 section of our website. To see how we protect your information, view our 
Privacy Statement
.

Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank