https://www.commbank.com.au/personal/home-loans/comparison-rate.html

Comparison rate warning - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Comparison rate warning

 Comparison rate warning

Comparison rate warning

Comparison rate is calculated on a $150,000 secured loan, over a 25-year term.

WARNING: Comparison rate is true only for examples given and may not include all fees and charges. Different terms, fees or other loan amounts might result in a different comparison rate. For variable interest-only loans, comparison rates are based on an initial 5-year Interest Only period. For fixed Interest Only loans, comparison rates are based on an initial Interest Only period equal in length to the fixed period. During an Interest Only period, your Interest Only payments will not reduce your loan balance. This may mean you pay more interest over the life of the loan.

What is a comparison rate?

A comparison rate includes the interest rate as well as certain fees and charges relating to a loan. 

The aim of the comparison rate is to help you identify the true cost of a loan and compare loans and services offered by financial institutions and mortgage providers. 

The formula for calculating a comparison rate is regulated by the Consumer Credit Code, and all Australian financial institutions and mortgage providers use this same formula.

The comparison rate does not include

Government charges such as stamp duty or mortgage registration fees.

Fees and charges associated with loan options or events that may or may not be used by the borrower, such as early repayment or redraw fees.

Fees and charges which aren’t available at the time the comparison rate is provided.

Cost savings such as fee waivers or the availability of interest offset arrangements which can influence the cost of a loan.

Ready to take the next step? Book a time with a Home Lending Specialist to explore all your options

Book now

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

Was the information on this page useful?

Yes

No

Thanks for your feedback. Have a suggestion? Please 
help us improve
.

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Comparison rate warning

Comparison rate is true only for the examples given and may not include all fees and charges. Comparison rate is calculated on a $150,000 secured loan, over a 25 year term. WARNING: Comparison rate is true only for examples given and may not include all fees and charges. Different terms, fees or other loan amounts might result in a different comparison rate. For variable interest only loans, comparison rates are based on an initial 5 year Interest Only period. For fixed Interest Only loans, comparison rates are based on an initial Interest Only period equal in length to the fixed period. During an Interest Only period, your Interest Only payments will not reduce your loan balance. This may mean you pay more interest over the life of the loan.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank