https://www.commbank.com.au/tax-time.html

Tax tips & guides for 2025 - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

Tax tips & guides for 2025

Are you ready for tax time? Get started with our useful guides and tips to help you prepare your tax return this EOFY.

                        Getting started

                        Finding your tax records

                        Tax tips

                        Getting a refund

                        Tax scams

Get tax summary

3 Ways to prepare for tax time

Get your documents in order

Download a copy of your interest & tax summary, statements and records you’ll need. 

Update your details

Check your details match the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) records to avoid any processing delays.

Review any deductions

Identify any deductions you may be able to claim, such as tax deductible donations to charities, or out of pocket work expenses.   

Read our handy tax return checklist to help you get organised this EOFY

A quick guide to lodging your tax return.

Read our tax return guide

 Finding your tax records

How to use NetBank and the CommBank app at tax return time

Detailed records can help you identify relevant items for your tax return. You can use these records to help complete your tax return or give them to your tax agent.

Simply log on to the CommBank app or NetBank and download important documents directly to your device. 

                                    Interest & tax summary

Your interest & tax summary is a summary of the interest you’ve earned or paid for the current and previous financial year.

Log on and search ‘tax summary’ or tap the link below. You’ll need your NetBank PIN to access it from the app. 

Get tax summary in NetBank

                                    Bank statements

You can access up to seven years of statements in NetBank. If you’re a business owner, this is your official bank record of credits and debits for your business accounts. 

Find bank statements in NetBank

                                    Transaction summary

This is an official letter available immediately, confirming your transactions and account details for a period you choose (includes up to 100 transactions).

View transaction summary in NetBank

                                    Check your details are up-to-date

It’s important that your details are up-to-date and match ATO records to avoid any processing delays. Log on to the app or NetBank to check the following:

Tax File Number (TFN), Australian Business Number (ABN), or TFN Exemption Code which is recorded against all your accounts

Your tax-residency status

Contact details can be updated easily online

Message us
 in the app if you need to update your mobile number.

You might also want to check that any bank account details you've previously provided to the ATO are still current.

 While you’re not required to provide your TFN or exemption, if you don’t, by law we may be required to withhold a portion of any interest earned on your account. If you haven’t previously provided your TFN, or want to provide it again to make sure it’s correct, you can update your details in NetBank or the CommBank app, or visit your local branch.

See how to update your details 

                                    Find deductions you may be able to claim

You can use 
Category budgets
 in the app to help you identify tax related transactions. Transaction categories include gifts and donations, investments, education, business expenses and more.

Need help finding your tax records?

Ceba can help you find statements, respond to questions or connect you with a specialist who’ll message you back. 

Message us

Tax tips & guides

Whether you’re new to lodging a return or you’ve been doing it for years, we have a range of tips and guides to help you get on top of tax time. 

Top tip!

8 expenses you may be able to claim at tax time.

See common deductions

Tax on redundancy payments

How to make the most of your payout.

More about redundancy payments

5 ways to save tax using superannuation

Remember to keep an eye on contribution caps.

Discover superannuation tips

Tax tips for property investors

Review any tax considerations you might have for your investment property.

More about property expenses

Quick guide to fringe benefits tax (FBT)

Fringe benefits may help reduce your taxable income.

More about fringe benefits tax

Quick guide to Capital Gains Tax (CGT)

What do investors need to know about CGT?

Find out more about CGT

 Tax tips for business owners

As we begin the new financial year, here are some things you might want to consider when managing your tax.

Business tax

Expecting a tax refund? 

Now’s a great time to consider how you can put that money to good use – whether it’s saving towards a financial goal, paying down debt, investing or paying off some of your home loan.

Find out more

Stay safe from scams at tax time

Scammers take advantage of EOFY and ramp up their activities.  Protect yourself by staying up to date with the latest ATO scams and information.

How to spot a tax scam?

Brush up on the latest ATO and tax scams and learn how to avoid them.

See tax scams

CommBank Safe

We're here to help

Contact us

Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.

FAQs

Search support and our most frequently asked questions.

Find a branch

Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.

Things you should know

This page is intended to provide general information only and does not take into account your individual objectives, financial situation or needs. The above information is not tax advice. Taxation laws are complex and subject to change. Commonwealth Bank does not provide tax (financial) advice under the Tax Agent Services Act 2009 (Cth). You should consider seeking independent tax advice from a registered tax agent, accountant or adviser before you make any decisions based on this information.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank