https://www.commbank.com.au/insurance/personal-protection.html

Life Insurance - Protection

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

Protecting your tomorrow, today

No two lives are the same. So naturally, your life insurance should be unique for you. With CommBank and AIA, you could help protect what matters most to you. So you can enjoy the life you love. 

Protect your family and lifestyle

Life Insurance

Help protect you and your loved ones financially in the event that you pass away or become terminally ill. 

Explore Life Insurance

Income Protection

Help you get back on your feet if you’re unable to work due to an accident or sickness.

Explore Income Protection

Financial Advice

Personalised advice on cover, that’s best suited to you from a AIA Financial Wellbeing Planner. 

Explore Financial Advice

CommBank & AIA

We’ve partnered with AIA Australia to bring you life insurance options that could support you and your family in times of need. CommBank can also connect you with AIA Financial Wellbeing for financial advice. 

AIA Australia is committed to improving the health and financial wellbeing of Australians and has more than 50 years’ experience protecting the lives of millions of Australians.

What could you protect with your Life Insurance? 

There are different types of life insurance to help you protect what matters most in your life.
Depending on your situation you might need just one – or a combination.

Buying a home

When buying a home, Life Insurance could safeguard one of your biggest investments – your home, as well protecting your lifestyle.

When buying a home, covers to consider include:

Income Protection

Life Insurance

Total and Permanent Disability cover

Trauma cover

Growing your family 

Looking to start a family or already have one? Life Insurance could provide you financial security for you and your loved ones.

When growing a family, covers to consider include:

Income Protection

Life Insurance

Total and Permanent Disability cover

Trauma cover

Building wealth 

When you’re focusing on growing your wealth it’s just as important to protect it.

Life Insurance is designed to protect you from life’s uncertainties so you can keep building your wealth.

When building wealth, covers to consider include:

Income Protection

Total and Permanent Disability cover

Trauma cover

Change in financial situation 

Life’s full of changes and this includes your financial situation. You may be getting married, changing jobs, taking on more responsibilities or have loved ones depending on you.

Life insurance may help you prepare for the unexpected, ensuring you have options to protect what matters most.

When experiencing financial changes, cover to consider:

Income Protection

Life Insurance

Total and Permanent Disability cover

Trauma cover

Life Insurance doesn’t have to be costly

How much you’ll pay for life insurance depends on several factors including the level and type of cover, your age, gender, health and lifestyle. The good news is, for many Australians, the cost of life insurance is generally more affordable than you might think. 

                                    Here is an example of a Life Insurance premium

Life Insurance 

Age: 40

Gender: Female

Lifestyle: Non-smoker 

Cover amount: $500,000

Fortnightly premium^: $19.35

^This is an example only and is not a personalised quote. Premiums may depend upon factors that include the type and level of cover selected, payment frequency, the insured’s gender, age, smoking status, health history, employment situation, occupation type, hours worked plus any indexation increases, and any discounts that may apply. You may be required to take a level of cover sufficient to meet the minimum premium. Acceptance is subject to meeting eligibility criteria and underwriting requirements.

                                    Here is an example of an Income Protection premium

Income Protection 

Age: 40

Gender: Male

Lifestyle: Non-smoker 

Occupation: Accountant

Waiting period: 30 days

Benefit period: 2 years

Cover Amount: $5,000 per month 

Fortnightly premium^: $34.11

^ This is an example only and is not a personalised quote. Premiums may depend upon factors that include the type and level of cover selected, payment frequency, the insured’s gender, age, smoking status, health history, employment situation, occupation type, hours worked plus any indexation increases, and any discounts that may apply. You may be required to take a level of cover sufficient to meet the minimum premium. Acceptance is subject to meeting eligibility criteria and underwriting requirements.

Life Insurance in action

Richard’s story shows how insurance could give you peace of mind when you and your family need it most.

Life Insurance in action

Richard’s story shows how insurance could give you peace of mind when you and your family need it most.

Frequently Asked Questions

                                    What is Life Insurance and how does it work

Life Insurance provides a lump sum payment if you pass away or become terminally ill. This benefit could be used to help your loved ones pay off debts, such as your mortgage, or to provide for future financial needs such as childcare, school fees and day to day living expenses.

                                    What is Income Protection and how does it work?

Income Protection helps you protect one of your most valuable assets – your income. Income Protection insurance could:

Provide a regular monthly payment of up to 70% of your pre-disability income if you’re unable to work due to illness or injury

Help you take care of your everyday living expenses, utilities, school fees or childcare while you're unable to work

Help provide you with financial support while you get back on your feet, without the worry of how you’ll pay the bills or take care of those who depend on you

                                    What is Total Permanent and Disability cover and how does it work?

Total and Permanent Disability (TPD) cover gives you options to help you live a better quality of life if you are permanently disabled and can’t work. You can often choose to add TPD cover to your Life Insurance cover.

TPD could provide you a lump sum that can help provide financial assistance to help with:

General living costs

Rehabilitation treatments and medical expenses

Long-term care and possible household modifications

                                    What is Trauma cover and how does it work?

Trauma cover pays a lump sum benefit if you’re diagnosed with a traumatic event, like cancer, or suffer a serious health event like a stroke. You can often choose to add Trauma cover (also known as critical illness insurance) to your Life Insurance cover.

It could help you focus on your recovery by providing financial assistance with:

Rehabilitation treatments and medical expenses

General living costs

The benefit you receive depends on the level of cover you choose

                                    Am I already covered by my superannuation fund for Life Insurance?

If you’re a member of an Australian superannuation fund you may already have some Life Insurance cover.

However, typically default Life Insurance cover within a superannuation plan only provides some of the Life Insurance you may actually need. It's important to find out what type of insurance you already have by either asking your superannuation fund or your employer. Then you'll know where you stand, and whether you need extra cover.

                                    Is Life Insurance tax deductible?

For 
Income Protection
 policies, you can generally claim some or all premiums as a tax-deduction against your taxable income.

                                    How much Life Insurance do I need?

Finding the right level of life insurance cover is different for everyone and depends on your circumstances.  Consider what existing investments you could draw on if you needed extra funds – like your savings, assets, superannuation or shares. When figuring out how much cover you may need, consider:

Your regular living expenses, including food, utilities and other costs

Your debts, including credit cards, personal loans, and your home mortgage if you have one

How much your loved ones would need to live on if they no longer had your income, including day-to-day expenses and possible future education costs

The cost of a funeral and paying off any final expenses you have, like outstanding bills

                                    What if I need help understanding what Life Insurance I need?

If you need a hand understanding and choosing the right protection for you, a 
AIA Financial Wellbeing Planner
 could help. They can review your situation and compare a range of products from various providers to help you find cover that could be best suited to your individual circumstances and budget. Each plan is tailored so costs vary, but your financial planner will clearly explain the costs involved up front.

Not what you’re looking for?

                    Looking to protect your car?

                    Looking to protect your home?

                    Looking to protect your fur baby?

Looking for Health Insurance?

Financial coverage for medical expenses.

Explore Health Insurance

Things you should know

The content on this page is intended to provide general information. The information has been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should, before acting on this, consider the appropriateness to your circumstances and read the relevant Product Disclosure Statement and Target Market Determination before deciding to acquire any product.

Life Insurance provided by AIA Australia and Income Protection provided by AIA Australia, as described on this website, are provided and issued by AIA Australia Limited ABN 79 004 837 861, AFSL 230043 (AIA Australia) and distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CBA). AIA Australia is not part of the CBA Group. CBA and its related entities do not sell, issue or guarantee the obligations or performance of AIA Australia or the products it offers and these insurance products do not represent a deposit with or liability of either CBA or any of its related bodies corporate. If you purchase a Life Insurance provided by AIA Australia and/or Income Protection provided by AIA Australia, CBA is paid a commission which is a percentage of your premium.

AIA Financial Wellbeing is operated by AIA Financial Services Pty Limited ABN 68 008 540 252 AFSL 231109 (AIA Financial Services), a subsidiary of AIA Australia Limited ABN 79 004 837 861 AFSL 230043 (AIA Australia). Commonwealth Bank has a referral arrangement with AIA Financial Wellbeing to provide advice to Commonwealth Bank customers on life insurance and simple wealth needs across a range of financial solutions from different providers. AIA Financial Wellbeing, AIA Financial Services and AIA Australia are not part of the Commonwealth Bank Group and Commonwealth Bank does not guarantee and is not responsible for the financial advice provided by AIA Financial Wellbeing, the performance of products recommended by AIA Financial Wellbeing or the obligations of AIA Financial Wellbeing, AIA Financial Services and AIA Australia. Commonwealth Bank does not receive any commissions from AIA Financial Wellbeing for referring you.

The health insurance products described on this website are issued by AIA Health Insurance Pty Ltd (ABN 32 611 323 034) (AIA Health) and are distributed by AIA Financial Services Limited (ABN 68 008 540 252) (AIA Financial Services), a wholly owned subsidiary of AIA Australia Limited (ABN 79 004 837 861) (AIA Australia).

Commonwealth Bank of Australia (ABN 48 123 123 124) (CBA) has been authorised by AIA Financial Services to promote health insurance products issued by AIA Health to its customers, for which CBA receives a commission. AIA Health, AIA Financial Services and AIA Australia are not part of the CBA Group and CBA does not guarantee and is not responsible for the performance of the health insurance products issue by AIA Health or the obligations of AIA Health, AIA Financial Services or AIA Australia. For more information about the products and services CBA provides, you should read CBA’s 
Financial Services Guide (PDF)
 and 
Privacy Policy
.

This information is current as at the date of this communication and may change. It is general information only and is not intended in any way to be financial, legal, tax, health, medical, nutritional or other advice. You should consider your own personal circumstances and needs and view the relevant product documents, fact sheets, fund rules and terms and conditions before making a decision to acquire such products. If necessary you should obtain professional advice from a financial, tax, medical or health professional. 

Links or references to material on external sites are provided for your convenience only and inclusion does not represent endorsement of the external providers.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank