https://www.commbank.com.au/personal.html

CommBank - bank accounts, credit cards, home loans and insurance

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

CommBank homepage

Money Plan in the CommBank app

Get access to handy tools to help you better manage your money, so you can stay in control of your spending and saving – all from the convenience of an app.

Explore Money Plan

We’re passing on the full RBA rate cut, decreasing our variable home loan interest rates by 0.25% p.a., effective 22 August 2025.

 Existing home loan customers will be able to see their new interest rate and review repayments from 23 August 2025.

Tell me more

Dismiss

Products and services

Banking

                Banking

Bank & savings accounts

Credit cards

Personal loans

More from banking

Home loans

                Home loans

Repayments calculator

Interest rates

Refinancing

More from home loans

Insurance & more

                Insurance & more

Insurance

Investing

Superannuation

More from insurance

International

                International

Travel products & services

Overseas payment

Foreign exchange calculator

More from international

Business

                Business

Bank accounts & cards

EFTPOS & eCommerce

Business loans & finance

More from business

Rates & calculators

                Rates & calculators

Rates & fees

Tools & calculators

Business product selector

More rates & calculators

Have an existing home loan with us?

It’s never been easier to manage your repayments via the CommBank app and NetBank.

Tell me more

Tax tips and guides for 2025

Are you ready for tax time? View our tips for individuals and businesses.

View tax tips and guides

Help with staying safe from scams and fraud

With scammers becoming more sophisticated, understanding the tools you can use and red flags to look out for can help to keep you safe.

Learn how to protect yourself

Protect your bestie with Pet Insurance

Get one month free insurance and claim up to 90% on eligible vet bills. Issued by PetSure (Australia) Pty Ltd. T&Cs apply. Consider PDS and TMD before buying.

Discover our Pet Insurance offer

Neuroinclusive banking

Discover banking tools and resources to help neurodiverse customers stay in control of their day-to-day finances.

Find out more about Neuroinclusive banking

Are you experiencing financial difficulty? 

Get help

More from CommBank

                    Interest rate changes and your business

                    Make an informed decision when buying an investment property 

                    View our 2025 full year results announced on 13 August 2025

We’re here to help

Support & FAQs

                                Support & FAQs

                                        Emergency assistance 

                                        Cost of living support  

                                        Cancel a pending transaction 

                                         Dispute a transaction 

                                        What’s a phishing scam? 

                                        How do I activate a card? 

                                        Service updates & availability 

                                        Complaints and compliments 

                                Search our help section

Contact us

Message us, ask our virtual assistant or call to connect to the right help.

Locate us

Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.

Things you should know

As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should, before acting on the advice, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Visit 
Important Information to access Product Disclosure Statements or Terms and Conditions
 which are currently available electronically for products of the Commonwealth Bank Group, along with the relevant Financial Services Guide. The target market for products issued by Commonwealth Bank can be found within the corresponding product’s 
Target Market Determination (TMD)
, available on our website. TMDs for products not issued by the Commonwealth Bank can be found on the website of the product issuer. Loan applications are subject to credit approval. Interest rates are subject to change. Fees and charges may apply.

Commonwealth Bank