https://www.commbank.com.au/articles/home-loans/pay-off-home-loan-faster.html?ei=homepage-payfaster

Ways to pay off your home loan faster

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Brighter

                 / 

                The latest in home loans

                 / 

Ways to pay off your home loan faster

Ways to pay off your home loan faster

Small changes now can mean big differences later to how much of your home loan you end up repaying – and how long it takes.

Paying more than your required repayment amount is another way to reach your home ownership goal sooner

An Everyday Offset account allows you to offset, or reduce, the interest charged on your home loan by letting you pay down the principal loan amount with your savings

If you’ve recently had a home loan approved or are already some way into your repayments, you may be thinking about how you can pay it off sooner rather than later. We explore some smart ways to shave interest – and years – off your mortgage.

Note that examples are indicative only, and outcomes assume that interest rates will not change and that all repayments are made on time.

Increase your regular repayment amount

Paying more than your required repayment amount is another way to reach your home ownership goal sooner.

Example

Trevor decides to contribute an additional $386 per month on top of his $2,315 monthly home loan repayment, paying $2,701 each month. Over the course of 12 months he pays $32,412, which is roughly equivalent to two additional months' worth of payments each year.

This will shave six years off Trevor's 25-year loan term as well as around $80,000 in interest.

Original home loan repayment: $27,780/yr x 25 years (@ 4.9% p.a.) = $694,500

Revised home loan repayment: $32,412/yr x 19 years (@ 4.9% p.a.) = $614,948*

* Source: ASIC MoneySmart mortgage calculator.

Make additional lump sum payments

Making additional lump sum payments – especially during the early years of your home loan – can have a profound effect on how much your total home loan repayments will be and the length of time to own your property outright.

Use our mortage repayment calculator

Change repayments

Example

Kate’s required monthly repayment amount is $2,485 on a $400,000 loan with a loan term of 25 years. Over the term of the loan she'll pay a total of $29,820 in one year ($2,485 x 12), and over 25 years, Kate will pay $745,500.

Five years into the loan, Kate receives an inheritance of $70,000. Dividing the money, she puts $40,000 into her home loan and $30,000 into her bank account.

Making the lump sum repayment of $40,000 means that instead of paying off her loan after 25 years, she will reduce the loan term by more than three years – assuming her repayments remain the same – and save herself more than $70,000 in interest. The redraw balance will also gradually reduce in line with the loan term.

Find out more about redraw
.

Set up a mortgage offset account

An Everyday Offset account allows you to offset, or reduce, the interest charged on your home loan by letting you pay down the principal loan amount with your savings.

An Everyday Offset is a transaction account linked to your eligible variable rate home loan. Any money you put into your Everyday Offset reduces the balance on which we charge interest. This means you’ll only be paying interest on the difference.

Manage my offset

Manage your CommBank home loan in NetBank

Manage loan

Related articles

Should you increase (top up) your home loan?

How to refinance your home loan

How to access your home loan repayments

Tags

Home loans

Things you should know

This article has been prepared by CommSec Adviser Services which is a brand of Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945.

Investors should consult a range of resources, and if necessary, seek professional advice, before making investment decisions in regard to their objectives, financial and taxation situations and needs because these have not been taken into account.

© Commonwealth Securities Limited ABN 60 067 254 399 AFSL 238814 (CommSec) is a wholly owned but non-guaranteed subsidiary of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL 234945.  CommSec is a Market Participant of ASX Limited and Cboe Australia Pty Limited (formerly CHI-X Australia Pty Limited), a Clearing Participant of ASX Clear Pty Limited and a Settlement Participant of ASX Settlement Pty Limited. 

You can view the 
CommSec Share Trading Terms and Conditions
 and our 
Financial Services Guide
 and should consider them before making any decision about these products and services. Past performance of any asset class mentioned in the article is not indicative of future performance.

This article provides general information of an educational nature only. It does not have regard to the financial situation or needs of any reader and must not be relied upon as personal financial product advice. The views expressed by contributors are their own and don’t necessarily reflect the views of CBA. As the information has been provided without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should, before acting on this information, consider what is appropriate for your circumstances, and where appropriate, consider the relevant Target Market Determination, Product Disclosure Statement and Terms and Conditions available on our website. You should also consider whether seeking independent professional legal, tax and financial advice is necessary. Every effort has been taken to ensure the information was correct as at the time of printing but it may be subject to change. No part of the editorial contents may be reproduced or copied in any form without the prior permission and acknowledgement of CBA.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Complaints & compliments

            Financial assistance

            Help & support

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Corporate responsibility

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. 

We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945