https://www.commbank.com.au/home-loans/buying-your-first-home.html?ei=supp_firsthome

First home buyers | Buying your first home | CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Buying your first home

Guide for first home buyers

Access exclusive offers & discounts when you choose CommBank*

Knowing where to start can be the biggest hurdle. Find the right tools and support to get you moving with confidence. 

                        Why CommBank

                        Get started

                        Ways to save

                        Getting ready

                        Loans & features

                        Tools & guides

Book appointment

Apply online

Close

×

Already a customer banking online with us?

Save time by using your NetBank details. 

Apply online

                        or

New customer or don't bank online with us?

Start your application now.

Get started

Kickstart your home journey with a bang! Save $300

Waived establishment fee for First Home Buyers on Simple Home Loans

Limited time only
^^

Learn more about Simple Home Loan >>

Why choose CommBank

Expert advice

Connect with an expert 
Home Lending Specialist
, who will help you understand the home loan process and support you every step of the way.

Helping you buy your first home sooner

Additional support and lending options available to help get you into your home sooner, including government guarantee schemes, property share and guarantor support.

Exclusive discounts and offers

Exclusive discounts and offers to support you getting into your first home sooner, such as a fast, contract reviews
1
 and $699 conveyancing with Home-in for eligible CommBank customers
*
.

Get started

Buying your first home: where do you start?

We outline six steps worth taking in your home buying journey so you can purchase your first home with confidence. 

Tell me more

First home buyer’s guide

Your step-by-step guide to buying property, whether it's a home to live in or an investment for your future.

View home buying guide

                    Saving for a deposit

                    Is it better to rent or buy?

                    What is rentvesting and is it a good idea?

                    Making Australia your next home?

Manage each step of your home buying journey with Buy a home

Buy a home
 in the CommBank app gives you access to guidance, tools and insights to help you all the way through your home buying and ownership journey.

From the moment you start saving for your home loan, CommBank's Buy a home can help you through each step of the home buying process. From understanding your borrowing capacity and finding a property to tracking your application and managing your home loan – all from the convenience of the app.

Ways to save

CommBank supports Home Guarantee Scheme

We’re proud to work alongside the Australian Government on the Home Guarantee Scheme to help more home buyers reach their home ownership goals.

Explore schemes

Access First Home Owners Grant

You may be eligible for the First Home Owners Grant as a first home buyer who is buying or building a residential property to live in.

Check eligibility

$699* conveyancing

Home-in’s experienced team and secure, award-winning app
2
 will help guide you through the conveyancing process. Built by CommBank and trusted by thousands of Australian home buyers, receive real-time status updates, six-hour contract reviews
1
, and one of the industry’s best on-day settlement rates
3
. Plus, eligible CommBank customers can access $699 conveyancing with Home-in
*
.

Explore Home-in

Set a Home Loan deposit savings goal

Whether you have a savings goal in mind or want to build a buffer for those ‘just in case’ moments, Goal Tracker in the CommBank app helps you set and reach your goals.

Discover goal tracker

Getting ready to buy 

1. Understand the home loan process

Home loan process step-by-step

Conditional pre-approval

2. Knowing your borrowing power

How much can I borrow?

How much do I need up fronts?

3. Looking for a home

Get property report

Check out Buy a home

4. Ready to apply

Home loan application process

Ask a lending expert

Loans & features

Ask a lender if you’re eligible for a further interest rate reduction in addition to LVR and Wealth Package discounts
*

Standard Variable Rate home loan

A competitive variable rate home loan with discounts tailored to you, plus access to offset and an extensive range of features.

See our variable rate

Everyday Offset Account

Make your money work harder by saving on interest and paying off your home loan sooner with multiple offsets with no set-up fee.

Tell me more

Property share

Split the cost of a home with family or friends, while keeping control of your finances. Available on most home loans.

Explore more

Lenders’ Mortgage Insurance

Lenders’ Mortgage Insurance allows you to purchase a property with a smaller deposit so you can own your home sooner.

Explore more

Guarantor support

A family member can help you secure a home loan by mortgaging their own property as additional security.

Explore more

See all home loan interest rates

Compare rates

Explore step-by-step guide for first home buyers

Planning to buy

Case study: Meet Joanne

Property search

Home loan types and features

Application process

Manage your loan

Home buying language 

Tools & guides

Tools

Budget planner

Property and suburb reports

Buy a home

Calculators & tools

Guides

Guarantor Support

Redraw vs offset

Understanding the cost

Applying for a home loan

Frequently Asked Questions

                                    How much is the First Home Owner Grant?

The First Home Owner Grant (FHOG) in Australia is a national scheme funded by the states and territories and administered under their own legislation. The amount of the grant and eligibility criteria can vary depending on the state or territory in which you intend to purchase your home.

To get more specific details about eligibility criteria for your state or territory, you can visit 
First Home Owner Grant

                                    Do first home buyers pay stamp duty?

Many states offer stamp duty concessions or exemptions for first home buyers.

Click 
here
 to learn more about stamp duty and to access CommBank’s 
Stamp Duty Calculator.

                                    How does the First Home Owner Grant work?

The First Home Owner Grant (FHOG) is a national scheme funded by the states and territories to assist first home buyers with the costs of purchasing or building a new home. While the scheme is national, each state and territory administers it under their own legislation, which means the eligibility criteria and the amount of the grant can vary depending on where you are buying your home.

Generally, the following conditions apply:

The grant is only available to first home buyers

You can only receive the grant once

You must be at least 18 years of age and an Australian citizen or permanent resident

You must be a natural person (not a company or trust)

You must live in the house for at least six months once it’s built

To get more specific details about eligibility criteria for your state or territory, you can visit 
First Home Owner Grant
.

                                    How much money do you need to buy a home?

The amount of money you need to buy a home in Australia depends on many factors, including the location, the type of property, and your financial situation. Here are some key points to consider:

Deposit
: Traditionally, a 20% deposit is recommended, but many buyers opt for a lower deposit. Lenders typically expect at least 5% of the property's sale price. For example, a 5% deposit on a $680,000 home would be $34,000. If you need to borrow more than 80% of the value of the property, you may need to pay Lenders’ Mortgage Insurance.

Other Upfront Costs
: In addition to the deposit, there are other upfront costs to consider, such as:  

Stamp Duty
: This varies by state and the value of the property

Conveyancing and Legal Fees
: These are the costs associated with the legal aspects of buying a home

Building and Pest Inspection
: It's advisable to have the property inspected before purchase

Mortgage Registration Fee
: This is a fee for registering the mortgage with the state or territory

Transfer Fee
: This is the fee for transferring the property title to your name

Loan Application Fee
: Some lenders charge a fee to process your home loan application

Government Assistance
: There are several government schemes to help first home buyers, such as the First Home Owner Grant and the 
Home Guarantee
 Scheme, which can reduce the amount of money you need upfront.

Income Requirements:
 To comfortably afford a home, you need a certain level of income. These will vary from region to region – speaking with a mortgage lender can help you determine the amount you will need to pay in deposit to avoid mortgage stress.

                                    Is it cheaper to build or buy a home?

The answer depends on many factors, including location, market conditions, and your personal preferences. Building a home can offer unique customisation and means that everything is new, while buying an existing property can be much faster although some minor repairs or renovations may be necessary.

Learn more about the costs of building your own home 
here.

                                    Should I use a mortgage lender or a bank for my home loan? 

Choosing between a mortgage broker and a bank for your home loan depends on your needs and preferences. Mortgage brokers can offer a range of loan options from various lenders, and they often source competitive rates on your behalf. However, they don't work with every lender, so it's a good idea to consider the differences and to do your own research too.

                                    How much can I borrow for a home loan?

The amount you can borrow for a home loan depends on several factors, including your income, expenses, and the lender's policies. To get an accurate estimate, you can use our 
Borrowing Power Calculator.

It's important to note that different lenders may have varying criteria and policies, so it's a good idea to compare options and seek guidance from a Home Lending Specialist.

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Things you should know

Subject to credit approval. Fees, charges, terms and conditions apply. As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances before acting on the advice.

1
 Contracts are reviewed within six business hours 95% of the time (October 2023). To ensure contracts are reviewed within six business hours, customers must upload the entire contract within the Home-in app.

2
 We Money - Property Innovation of the Year Award (2024), Customer Service Excellence Award - Customer Service Organization of the Year: Small (2023), Finder Innovation Awards - Best Online Customer Service Innovation (2023).

3
 Home-in has one of the highest on-time settlement rates in the industry with 95% of Home-in customers settling on time in 2023.

* This offer is valid from 6 May 2025. To secure the offer you will need to engage the services of a Home-in partner law firm via the Home-in app on or after this date. If you engaged the services of a Home-in partner law firm via the Home-in app before this date, you are not eligible for this offer. This offer cannot be combined with other Home-in offers.

This offer is only available to CommBank customers who meet the following criteria:

(a) have an eligible CommBank transaction account: Smart Access, Complete Access, Everyday Offset, Pensioner Security (excluding Pensioner Security Passbook accounts) or Private Bank Account; and 

(b) fund an eligible residential property purchase with a CommBank home loan; and

(c) settle this property purchase using the in-app legal services provided through Home-in.

This offer only applies to buy-side conveyancing services for residential property purchases in Australia. Home-in does not offer conveyancing services for the purchase of off-the-plan, rural/agricultural, retail or commercial properties, or properties with a purchase price in excess of $5,000,000. Additional fees apply to conveyancing services in respect of complex titles (such as old system, leasehold and company titles), which are excluded from this offer.

This offer is only available through CommBank’s proprietary channels, it is not available to customers that originate through Bankwest, Unloan or a broker channel. 

If you settle on a property without meeting the eligibility criteria, this offer will not apply and you will be required to pay the standard list price for your conveyancing services. If you do not ultimately settle on a property purchase with Home-in within 6 months of your first contract review, any disbursements, contract review fees and ancillary service fees incurred will become payable to Home-in at the standard list price.

The $699 (including GST) offer includes the following conveyancing services: one standard contract review, reasonable negotiation with the vendor’s solicitor, preparation of documents and figures required for settlement and electronic or paper settlement for your property.

Disbursements are additional and charged at cost. For some property purchases, you may require or request additional services for which we charge a professional fee, such as expedited settlement or usage of a trust account.

Find out more about Home-in's pricing by visiting home-in.com.au/pricing. Home-in reserves the right to terminate the offer and change the pricing at any time.

Home-in is a brand of CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd ABN 38 633 072 830 trading as Home-in Digital. CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd is a wholly owned but non-guaranteed subsidiary of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124. CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd is not an Authorised Deposit-taking Institution for the purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) and its obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Commonwealth Bank of Australia.

^^
$0 establishment fee offer is available on Simple Home Loan applications submitted between 2 August 2025 and 31 October 2025 inclusive through CommBank’s proprietary channel. Applications submitted outside this period or via non-proprietary channels are not eligible for this offer.

This offer is only available to CommBank customers who meet the following criteria:

(a) All borrowers must be First Home Buyer/s; and

(b) All borrowers must be individuals. Applications from trusts or companies are not eligible; and

(c) Application must be submitted through CommBank’s proprietary channel, it is not available to customers that submit an application through Bankwest, Unloan or a broker channel.

(d) The loan must be for one of the following eligible products:

- Simple Home Loan

- Simple Investment Home Loans.

If your application does not meet the eligibility criteria, the standard establishment fees: $300 for non-off-the-plan purchases and $800 for off-the-plan purchases, will apply.

CommBank reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time without notice.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank