https://www.commbank.com.au/insurance/insurance-terms.html?ei=mc-ins-terms

Common home and car insurance terms explained | CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Insurance

                 / 

Common home and car insurance terms explained

Common home and car insurance terms explained

Home and car insurance help protect the things that matter to you, so it’s important you understand what makes up the policy and product you’re purchasing.

                        Insurance terms

                        Home insurance terms

                        Car insurance terms

Explore products

Need help understanding insurance terms?

This guide helps explain some common Home and Car Insurance terms you may come across.

For a full list of terms and definitions used in your policy, read your Home or Car Insurance 
Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
.

Insurance terms

This section includes terms related to both home and car insurance.

The document issued to you after you purchase a policy, before you renew your insurance and whenever you amend your policy.

For Home Insurance, it details your Cover Type, including any Optional Covers you have selected, the Period of Insurance and any special conditions that apply to your policy.

For Car Insurance, it typically includes your Cover Type, the details of any Declared driver/s, any Cover Options available and those you have selected, the Period of Insurance and any special conditions that apply to your policy.

Claim

A request made by you to your insurance provider for financial compensation. This can occur when you have suffered damage or loss that you believe is covered by your insurance policy. It would be to repair the damage or replace the item/s.

Claims acceptance

The formal agreement with your insurance provider for settlement of your claim.

Claims lodgement

The process of notifying your insurance provider about an Insured Event that has resulted in damage or loss.

Excess/s

An amount you must contribute when your insurance provider pays a claim. The excess amount/s are stated on your Certificate of Insurance.

There are various types of excess that may apply. Please refer to your Home/Car Insurance Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) for more detailed information about the types of excesses related to your Cover Type.

Insured Event

An accidental, unexpected, or unforeseen event resulting in damage or loss that your Home/Car Insurance provides cover for.

Premium

The amount your insurance provider charges you for your insurance policy. It is made up of your basic premium plus any Government and other charges.

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)

A document (or group of documents) which describe a financial product or service. It includes the features, benefits, costs, and risks associated with that product. It can also be known as a terms and conditions brochure.

Underwriter

Commonly refers to the insurer itself. It's the individual or organisation responsible for deciding whether to issue an insurance policy.

Home insurance terms 

These terms are specific to home insurance policies.

The address your policy is based on. This is written in your Certificate of Insurance. This address includes any adjoining land that a statutory authority has made you responsible for as the owner or occupier.

Sum insured

Your building sum insured should equal the current total cost of rebuilding your home, including GST.

Your contents sum insured should equal the current total cost of replacing all your contents, including GST. 

Car insurance terms

These terms are specific to car insurance policies.

The amount your insurance provider agreed to insure your car for. If you’ve selected the agreed value option (where available), the agreed amount will be stated on your Certificate of Insurance and will remain the same for the Period of Insurance.

Compulsory Third Party Insurance (CTP)

Compulsory Third Party (CTP) insurance is a type of car insurance that covers injury or death as a result of an accident for which a driver is responsible. CTP is also known as ‘greenslip’ in some states. It’s mandatory in all states and territories of Australia and is legally required to register a car in Australia. CTP doesn’t provide any cover for the physical damage to the car or the damage to other people’s property. 

Third Party Property Damage Cover

This covers damage caused by your car to other people’s property for example, their car or fence.

Third Party Property Damage, Fire, and Theft

This covers everything included in the Third Party Property Damage Cover. Additionally, it covers your car if it’s damaged by a fire or is stolen.

Comprehensive Cover

This covers damages to your car as a result of events like collision, flood, fire, storm and theft. It also covers you for any damage caused by your car to other people’s property.

Market value

The amount it will cost to replace your car considering the age, make, model, and condition of your car immediately prior to the loss or damage.

Market value includes:

Goods and Services Tax (GST)

The cost of registration and Compulsory Third Party (CTP) Insurance  

Market value doesn’t include:

Warranty costs

The amount of stamp duty that would be levied on the purchase of replacement vehicle

Transfer fees 

Overnight address

Where your car is normally kept overnight.

Sum insured

Depending on the type of insurance you've chosen, your insurance provider may insure your car for an agreed value or a market value. This value is known as the Sum Insured. The Sum Insured that applies to your car is shown on your current Certificate of Insurance.

Explore a range of insurance products

Explore products

Things you should know

This article is intended to provide general information of an educational nature only. It does not have regard to the financial situation or needs of any reader and must not be relied upon as financial product advice.

Disclaimer

Home Insurance and Car Insurance are provided and issued by Hollard Insurance Partners Limited ABN 96 067 524 216, AFSL 235030 (Hollard) and distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CBA). Hollard is not part of the CBA Group. CBA and its related entities do not sell, issue or guarantee the obligations or performance of Hollard or the products Hollard offers, and this insurance product does not represent a deposit with or liability of either CBA or any of its related bodies corporate. If you purchase a Home Insurance policy, CBA is paid a commission which is a percentage of your premium.

For products issued by Hollard, information about the target market can be found within the product’s Target Market Determination 
available here
.

This information has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs.  You should, before acting on this, consider the appropriateness of the product to your circumstances. A 
Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
 is available at all Commonwealth Bank branches, by downloading them from commbank.com.au or by calling 13 2423 and should be considered before making any decisions about this product. You should also read the 
Premium, Excess and Discount Guide (PEDG)
, 
Key Facts Sheets (KFS)
, and 
Financial Services Guide (FSG)
 by clicking on the links, or by calling 
13 2423
 for a paper copy.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank