https://www.commbank.com.au/insurance/life-insurance.html?ei=tl_life-insurance

Life insurance quote - Life cover comparison - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Insurance

                 / 

Life insurance

Life insurance

Provided by AIA Australia

Have greater peace of mind knowing that you and your loved ones will have financial security, should the unexpected happen.

                        Features & benefits

                        Optional cover

                        AIA & CommBank

                        How to apply

                        FAQs

Quote in NetBank

Download PDS

Why is life insurance important?

Life insurance may protect you and your loved ones financially in the event that you pass away or become terminally ill. It can help cover expenses such as mortgage repayments, debt and daily living expenses.

Learn more about life insurance

Features & benefits

Personalised cover

Benefit amount up to $1m in the event you pass away or are diagnosed with a terminal illness.

Cover immediate costs

Advance payment of $15,000 to cover immediate costs such as funeral expenses.

Access AIA Vitality

Earn rewards for making healthier lifestyle choices when your annual premium is $750 or more.

Discover AIA Vitality

Easy to apply

Get a quote and apply online, no medical assessment or blood tests required.

Easily see your policy details 

View your policy details within NetBank or the CommBank app.

Save on premiums

5% Partner Discount and 5% Life Insurance and Income Protection Discount
1

Add optional cover

Total and Permanent Disability (TPD) cover

Cover in the event you’re unable to work due to injury
2
 or sickness
2
. You must meet eligibility criteria to purchase TPD cover.

What you’re covered for:

TPD (Any Duties
3
) lump sum benefit of up to $750k if you:

Are absent from work for at least six months due to an injury
2
 or sickness
2

Have undergone treatment and rehabilitation, and

Your medical practitioner confirms that you are totally and permanently disabled

Keep in mind, optional TPD cover is linked to the Life cover which means that a claim will reduce the Life cover amount.

View the PDS
 for a TPD cover case study. 

Trauma cover

Cover in the event you suffer a listed trauma event
4
 such as cancer, heart attack or stroke.

What you're covered for: 

Lump sum payment (of up to $250k) in the event you suffer one of the listed trauma events
4

Trauma cover cannot exceed more than 50% of the life cover amount

Keep in mind, optional Trauma cover is linked to the Life cover which means that a claim will reduce the Life cover amount

View the PDS
 for a Trauma cover case study.

AIA & CommBank

We’ve partnered with AIA Australia to bring you life insurance that supports your family in times of need. 

 AIA Australia is committed to helping you make healthier lifestyle choices everyday with rewards along the way.

AIA Vitality

Be rewarded for a healthier lifestyle with AIA Vitality

Take out a policy for life insurance with an annual premium over $750
5
 and you'll receive access to AIA Vitality – a personalised, science-backed health and wellbeing program that incentivises you to move more, eat well and complete regular health checks.

Earn up to $760 every membership year in vouchers from AIA Vitality partners or cashback into your CommBank account
6

Earn discounts on gym memberships, fitness devices

Cashback on eligible Virgin Australia Flights

Get 10% off your Life Insurance and 5% off your Income Protection premiums when you achieve AIA Vitality Silver Status or above

Tell me more

How to apply

Log on to Netbank to get a quote with AIA Australia

Review quote and complete application to purchase

Easily view your policy details in the CommBank app and NetBank

Get a quote

FAQs

                                    Who can apply for life insurance?

Life Insurance provided by AIA Australia is available to CommBank customers with NetBank, who permanently reside in Australia and are:

18 to 65

18 to 59 for optional cover of TPD or Trauma

an Australian citizen or

an Australian permanent resident or

a New Zealand citizen

Policyholders can access their policy details in NetBank and the CommBank app. 

 Not a customer? 
Set up an account
.

                                    What doesn’t life insurance cover?

There are some occupational exclusions which won’t cover you if death, injury or sickness is a result of carrying out the duties of certain hazardous occupations. Other exclusions include criminal activity, war/riots, suicide or self-inflicted injury.

For more information on occupational exclusions, other exclusions, specific meanings and how they apply to you, please refer to the 
Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)

                                    What level of cover is right for me

Finding the right level of life insurance cover is different for everyone and depends on your circumstances. Things to consider when deciding how much cover you need may include; your life stage, whether you look after other people, if you have any debt, and the ongoing needs of your family and loved ones.

These are 
five questions
 to ask yourself before taking out life insurance cover.

For full terms, conditions, limits, definitions, exclusions and benefits please refer to the 
Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)

                                    Am I already covered by my superannuation fund for life insurance?

If you’re a member of an Australian superannuation fund you may already have some life insurance cover.

However, typically default life insurance cover within a superannuation plan only provides some of the life insurance you may actually need. It's important to find out what type of insurance you already have by either asking your superannuation fund or your employer. Then you'll know where you stand, and whether you need extra cover.

                                    When purchasing Life Cover, what factors may affect my life insurance premiums?

Depending on the product, your premium may be determined by your type and level of cover, benefit indexation if chosen, health history, age, gender, smoking status and any discounts you may receive.

If you select the optional TPD cover, your premium will also depend on your employment situation and occupation. 

You may also be required to take out a level of cover sufficient to meet the minimum premium. The premium amount also includes government charges such as stamp duty and taxes.

                                    How do I apply for Life Cover?

It is easy to apply online via NetBank or the CommBank app with no medicals or blood tests required and you’re covered as soon as your application is accepted. 

Need help with your cover?

Call AIA Australia on 
1800 491 588
 between 9am-5pm, Mon-Fri (Sydney/Melbourne time) for any questions, including claim enquiries.

Have other protection needs?

Explore income protection

Explore financial advice

Was the information on this page useful?

Yes

No

Thanks for your feedback. Have a suggestion? Please 
help us improve
.

Things you should know

1 
5% Partner discount 
if you and your partner are both living in the same household and both hold a Life Insurance provided by AIA Australia policy or an Income Protection provided by AIA Australia policy.  
5% Life Insurance and Income Protection discount
 if you hold both a Life Insurance provided by AIA Australia policy and an Income Protection provided by AIA Australia policy. Refer to the 
PDS
 for further information about discounts.

2
 Accident, Sickness and Injury have specific meanings set out in the 
Product Disclosure Statement
 (PDS).

3
 Any Duties has a specific meaning set out in the 
PDS
.

4
 Trauma events have specific meanings and a benefit is only payable if you meet the precise meaning of the definition as set out in the 
PDS
. You must read the entire 
PDS
 including the medical definitions section of that document.

5
AIA Vitality is provided by AIA Australia and the information on this page is provided by AIA Australia. Eligibility for membership to the AIA Vitality program arises under, and is subject to, the AIA Vitality Terms and Conditions. Access to the AIA Vitality program as a result of holding Life Insurance or Income Protection requires your annual premium on your Policy or combined annual premium on all Life Insurance and Income Protection policies to be equal to or greater than $750 per person and does not require eligible individuals to pay any additional costs, as the cost of the program has been factored into your premium, if applicable.

6
You can earn up to $260 in Active Benefits each membership year for reaching your personalised physical activity targets each week. You can also earn up to $500 in Shopping Rewards each membership year. Earn a Shopping Reward once you achieve Silver Status and for every 5,000 AIA Vitality Points you earn thereafter, up to 35,000 points each membership year. AIA Vitality partners, benefits and rewards are subject to change at any time. For the most up-to-date information and to view the AIA Vitality Terms and Conditions see 
aia-vitality-terms-conditions.pdf

Life Insurance provided by AIA Australia (Life Insurance) and Income Protection provided by AIA Australia (Income Protection), as described on this website, are provided and issued by AIA Australia Limited ABN 79 004 837 861, AFSL 230043 (AIA Australia) and distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CBA). AIA Australia is not part of the CBA Group. CBA and its related entities do not sell, issue or guarantee the obligations or performance of AIA Australia or the products it offers and these insurance products do not represent a deposit with or liability of either CBA or any of its related bodies corporate.

This information is current as at the date of this communication and may change. This information is general in nature and has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should, before acting on this, consider the appropriateness to your circumstances and read the relevant 
Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
 before deciding to acquire or continue to hold any of these products. You can also call AIA Australia on 1800 491 588, 9am to 5pm, Monday to Friday (Sydney time) with any questions you may have about these products. Neither CBA nor any of its related bodies corporate are authorised representatives of AIA. For more information on the financial services CBA provides, you should read 
Financial Services Guide
 and 
Privacy Policy
. If you purchase a Life Insurance and/or Income Protection policy, CBA is paid a commission which is a percentage of your premium.

AIA Australia has adopted the Life Insurance Code of Practice, which contains minimum standards of service that customers can expect from insurers. The code can be found at 
aia.com.au/en/about-aia/about-us/industry-standards
.

AIA Australia has prepared a Target Market Determination which describes the class of consumers that comprise the target market for this product. The Target Market Determination can be sourced at 
www.aia.com.au/tmds
.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank