https://www.commbank.com.au/articles/financial-wellbeing/how-to-make-a-budget.html?ei=gethelp_art-CreateBudget

How to make a budget

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

How to make a budget

Budgeting doesn’t have to be hard. Here are some practical steps to help you get started.

When it comes to budgeting, we all have different needs and priorities. We know from 
our research
 that you’re more likely to have better financial wellbeing if you take the time to create and follow a budget.

Already familiar with budgeting and just need some help crunching numbers? Try our 
Budget Planner
.

If you're looking for tips to get you started with budgeting, then keep reading.

Related articles

Why have a budget?

How to adjust your budget when you need to

6 budgeting tips for a financially successful year 

Know where your money goes

The first step to budgeting is 
knowing exactly where your money goes
. Once you've got a good idea of your regular income and spending, you can tailor a budget to suit your needs.

Next, decide which kind of money plan works for you. You can track your budget in a spreadsheet or journal, or keep a mental record of your spending. Finding the plan that works for you will make it easier for you to maintain and stick to.

Need some help understanding and tracking your money? Track your spending with 
Spend Tracker
 in the CommBank app – it tracks your transactions so you know what you’re spending your money on and where you can cut back. Or, get a full picture of your finances with 
Cash Flow View
.

Start ‘bucketing’ your income

'Bucketing' involves splitting your regular income into accounts (or buckets), with a specific budget for each. It’s a helpful way to manage your spending and saving without complicated spreadsheets.

 Here’s an example:

Commitments – such as regular bills, debt repayments and rent/mortgage payments

Essentials – ongoing costs such as groceries, transport, pet care and health costs

Lifestyle – non-essential spending such as dining out, shopping or entertainment

Savings – for any goals or super contributions, or to budget for emergency expenses.

A more basic approach is what's known as the "50:30:20 rule":

Budget 50% of your income for essential living expenses (such as rent, bills and groceries)

Budget 30% of your income for lifestyle costs (like dining out, buying clothes)

Save 20% of your income into a savings account.

The first step is to decide how many buckets you need and what they’re for. To do this, list all your expenses during a regular spending period (monthly or fortnightly, say), group them into buckets, and set a budget for each bucket. The rest of your income can then be directed into a savings bucket.

Get your accounts sorted

Once you know how much you’ll be putting into each bucket, divide your income accordingly each time you’re paid. This is a great way to keep you on track with your spending, ensuring you only spend what you’ve allocated for each specific purpose.

You can even 
name your accounts
 to match your buckets to keep you motivated, or set up a regular transfer into your various accounts every time you’re paid.

Review your budget regularly

Remember to review and adjust your budget regularly and use 
digital tools
 and technology to keep you on top of your money. There might be times that your income changes, or you have unexpected expenses or a new savings goal.

A flexible approach to budgeting can help you keep on track in the long term.

Keen to learn more about how psychology impacts our spending? Check out this interview on 
the behavioural science of budgeting
. 

Things you should know

This article is intended to provide general information of an educational nature only. It does not have regard to the financial situation or needs of any reader and must not be relied upon as financial product advice. Some terms and conditions apply to our financial wellbeing features – please see commbank.com.au for details.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank