https://www.commbank.com.au/home-loans/home-lending-specialists.html?ei=journey-hls

Home Lending Specialists | Meet with an expert home lender

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Home Lending Specialists

Home Lending Specialists

Whether you're buying, selling or investing, a personal CommBank lending expert can help make your journey easier.

                        How we help

                        What to expect

                        Tools & support

Talk to us

How we can help

Personalised expert guidance

Our specialists will take the time to understand your property goals and provide tailored advice to help you achieve them—whether you're buying, refinancing, or investing.

Market news & insights

Free and unlimited customised reports for the suburbs and properties you’ve got your eye on.

Tailored rates & discounts

Get an interest rate tailored for you - as well as any applicable discounts- so you can be sure you’re getting the best deal for your situation.

Local & helpful support

From application to settlement and beyond, your dedicated Home Lending Specialist will provide ongoing guidance, ensuring you have the right support at every step.

What to expect 

Applying for a home loan with CommBank is easy. You can sit down with one of our Home Lending Specialists, at a time and place that suits you; to compare home loans and find the one that’s right for you.

For a straightforward home loan (e.g. you’re a solo borrower or not self-employed), we’ll need to see proof of identity, income statement, and how much you owe when you apply in person.

Talk to us

Tools & support

Home loan calculator and tools

Let us do the maths for you. Calculate what your home loan repayments could be, estimate how much you could borrow, refinance and more. 

Start calculating

First home buyer’s guide

Your step-by-step guide to buying property, whether it's a home to live in or an investment for your future.

View guide

                    Refinancing guide

                    Investing in property, made easy guide

                    Understanding the home loans process

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

Was the information on this page useful?

Yes

No

Thanks for your feedback. Have a suggestion? Please 
help us improve
.

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist about a new loan at a time that suits you.

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist

Things you should know

Rate/s apply to new lending only and may include a margin below or above the applicable reference rate. The current reference rates including for Interest Only payments can be found 
here
. 

Subject to credit approval. Fees, charges, terms and conditions apply. As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances before acting on the advice. You should also read our 
Financial Services Guide
.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank