https://www.commbank.com.au/home-loans/investing-in-property.html

Investing in property | Investment property | CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Investment property

Investment property

Find the right investment loan and interest rate for your next property with our support and helpful resources.

Download our investing in property guide

                        Getting started

                        Plan your investment

                        Investing in property guide

                        Property reports

                        Tools & calculators

Book appointment

Apply online

Getting started

Unlike a home, buying the right investment property is a financial decision. So, it’s important to understand the goals and strategies behind a successful property investment.

What's rental yield?

If you pay a high price for a house in a popular suburb, you would hope that rental demand is high enough in the area to offset your higher costs of ownership. Yield is the return you receive on a property investment- most commonly in the form of rent.

Learn More

Negative gearing and tax

Income earned from your investment property is either positively or negatively geared. If you’re a property investor or looking to become one, it’s important to understand what that is, the possible benefits, risks and tax considerations associated with it.

Find out more

                    Find the right property

                    What could I afford

                    Understanding the costs

                    Choosing the right investment home loan

Plan your property investment

Check your borrowing power

Estimate how much you can borrow for your investment property. Enter a few simple answers about your income and expenses with our easy-to-use calculator tool.

Calculate now

Savings and equity

If you already own a property, unlocking or accessing your equity can help fund your property investment purchase.

How does it work?

Investment loans & rates

Find the right loan and interest rate for your next investment property before you make any decisions.

Compare loans

Get conditional pre-approval

Show sellers you’re serious about investing and receive conditional pre-approval from CommBank.

Learn more

Explore step-by-step guide for investing in property

Getting started

Investment strategy basics

Property search

Choosing an investment home loan

Manage investment property

Investor tools, resources, and checklist

CommBank Property & Suburb Reports

Your complimentary Property & Suburb Reports provide the latest information on new listings, auctions, recent sales and suburb profiles to help you make informed property decisions. You can access them for free when you book an appointment with one of our Home Lending Specialists.

Discover the reports

Tools & calculators

Calculators

How much can I borrow?

What would my repayments be?

What would my upfront costs be?

Tools

Budget planner

Home in conveyancing

Buy a home

My Property app

Frequently asked questions

                                    How do I get a loan for an investment property?

Once you have saved for your deposit, 
calculated your borrowing power
 with our easy-to-use calculator, chosen your investment strategy and researched property options, you can 
apply online
 or with one of our 
Home Lending Specialists
.

                                    Why should I purchase an investment property? 

Buying an investment property is a decision predominately based on financial considerations, unlike purchasing a home to live in. Property investors have strategies in mind behind purchasing that can impact the type of property to buy as well as goals that they want to achieve. 

Downloand the investor guide.

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Things you should know

Subject to credit approval. Fees, charges, terms and conditions apply. As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances before acting on the advice.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank