https://www.commbank.com.au/business/latest/rate-announcement.html?ei=hp-mvc_bus-rates

Interest rate changes and your business

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

Interest rate changes and your business

Learn how recent interest rate changes by the Reserve Bank affect our products and find tips to help prepare and support your business during this time. 

                        Rate announcement

                        Preparing your business

                        Economic insights

                        Understanding rate changes

                        Support 

Rate announcement & changes to products

Following announcements from the Reserve Bank of Australia on the official cash rate, we review the interest rates on our Business Banking products. Here are the latest changes.

See the changes

Managing your business in a changing interest rate environment

A changing rate environment can affect your business in a number of ways. Here are some tips to help manage the process:

10 tips for managing your business’ cash flow in a changing interest rate environment

How forecasting cash flow can help your business

Ways to future-proof your business when rates are changing

How changing rates and inflation affect your business?

Latest economic insights

RBA cuts the cash rate by 25bp as expected in August

This report discusses the RBA’s latest announcement and the cut to the cash rate in August.

Read the report

The GEMR team discuss the latest economic insights

Listen on Apple Podcasts

Listen on Podbean

Listen on Spotify 

Understanding rate changes

Why are interest rates changing?

When the Reserve Bank Board decides that a change in monetary policy should occur, it specifies a new target for the cash rate. A decision to ease policy is reflected in a new lower target for the cash rate, while a decision to tighten policy is reflected in a higher target. 

View the 
latest statements
 by the Reserve Bank on monetary policy decisions.

Find the latest government grants or rebates you may be able to claim

Answer a few simple questions in NetBank or the CommBank app and we’ll help you find grants, rebates and concessions you may be eligible to claim. 

Try Benefits Finder

Here to support you

We are here if you would like to discuss what other options may be available. ​

How to get in touch

​Message Us
 in the CommBank app for a quick response – get instant answers from our virtual assistant, or connect to a specialist to discuss your options​. You can also visit our 
Business support page
 for other ways to get in touch.

If you're having trouble making loan repayments or think you may fall behind, getting support is important. Our 
Business Financial Assistance team
 is here to help.

Have a home loan with CommBank? 

We have a range of options to help you with managing your home loan and planning ahead.

Learn more about changes to home loans

See the latest home loan interest rates

Learn how 
home loan repayments are impacted by rate changes

See tips to 
manage home loans in a rising rate environment
.

Things you should know

This information is prepared without taking into account your individual and/or business needs and objectives. It must not be relied upon as financial product advice.

Interest rates on offer may vary at any time without notice. Terms and Conditions, eligibility criteria, fees and charges will apply.

The podcast links and video link This communication contains links that will bring you to a third-party website, owned and operated by an independent party ("3rd Party Website"). Any link you make to or from the 3rd Party Website will be at your own risk. Any use of the 3rd Party Website will be subject to and any information you provide will be governed by the terms of the 3rd Party Website, including those relating to confidentiality, data privacy and security. 

CBA does not endorse or approve and makes no warranties, representations or undertakings relating to the content of the 3rd Party Website. 

CBA disclaims liability for any loss, damage and any other consequence resulting directly or indirectly from or relating to your access to the 3rd Party Website or any information that you may provide or any transaction conducted on or via the 3rd Party Website or the failure of any information, goods or services posted or offered at the 3rd Party Website or any error, omission or misrepresentation on the 3rd Party Website or any computer virus arising from or system failure associated with the 3rd Party Website.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank