https://www.commbank.com.au/credit-cards/credit-cards-offers.html

Credit Card Offers - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Credit Cards

                 / 

Credit Card Offers

Credit Card Offers

Compare our latest credit card offers to find the offer that best suits your needs. 

                        Awards points

                        Cashback

                        Exclusions

                        Expired offers

Awards points

Earn up to 100,000 CommBank Awards points or up to 70,000 bonus Qantas Points

Earn 25,000 CommBank Awards points or 17,500 bonus Qantas Points each month when you spend $3,000 or more per month for the first 4 months on a new Ultimate Awards credit card. Ongoing eligibility, exclusions and offer Ts&Cs apply.
*

Tell me more about Ultimate Awards

Earn up to 80,000 CommBank Awards points or up to 50,000 bonus Qantas Points

Earn 20,000 CommBank Awards points or 12,500 bonus Qantas Points each month when you spend $1,500 or more per month for the first 4 months on a new Smart Awards credit card. Ongoing eligibility, exclusions and offer Ts&Cs apply.
^

Tell me more about Smart Awards

Cashback

Earn up to $450 cashback to spend how you want

Earn $75 each month when you spend $500 or more per month for the first 6 months on a new 
Low Rate credit card
. Ongoing eligibility, exclusions and offer Ts&Cs apply.
~

Tell me more about Low Rate

Earn up to $240 cashback to spend how you want

Earn $40 each month when you spend $500 or more per month for the first 6 months on a new 
Low Fee credit card
. Ongoing eligibility, exclusions and offer Ts&Cs apply
#

Tell me more about Low Fee

Offer exclusions

                                    Ultimate Awards and Smart Awards offer exclusions

Any customers who switch from an existing CommBank credit card

Customers who currently hold an Awards card type as a primary cardholder

Customers who have held an Awards card type, as a primary cardholder, in the last 18 months

                                    Low Rate and Low Fee offer exclusions

Any customers who switch from an existing CommBank credit card

Customers who currently hold a Low Fee or Low Rate card as a primary cardholder

Customers who have held a Low Fee or Low Rate card, as a primary cardholder, in the last 18 months

Expired offers

Find out more

Things you should know

Applications are subject to credit approval. Full Conditions of Use will be included in our Letter of Offer. Fees and charges are payable.

#
Offer commenced 1 March 2025 and is only available on new Low Fee credit cards applied for. Offer not available to customers who currently hold, or have held, any activated Low Fee or Low Rate card types in the 18 months prior as a primary cardholder or customers who switch from other card types.

$40 cashback will be awarded for every month (statement period) $500 or more is spent on eligible purchases for 6 consecutive statement periods. Maximum cashback available is $240. The first eligible spend period will commence from the day your account is opened, up to the end of your second statement period. After this date, the offer spend requirements will align to each statement period that follows until exhausted. Transactions must be fully processed and any pending transactions at the end of the statement period will not count towards the spend criteria. Cash advances and refunds (including CommBank Yello cashback offers) are not included as eligible transactions.

Cashback will be credited within 90 days of each eligible statement period where the spend criteria has been met and will appear on your statement as ‘CASHBACK’. You will be ineligible for the cashback if your account is closed, switched to another card or in default at any time prior to the cashback being credited to your account.

Offer only available on one credit card per customer. We reserve the right to close or vary this offer at any time.

~
Offer commenced 1 March 2025 and is only available on new Low Rate credit cards applied for. Offer not available to customers who currently hold, or have held, any activated Low Rate or Low Fee card types in the 18 months prior as a primary cardholder or customers who switch from other card types.

$75 cashback will be awarded for every month (statement period) $500 or more is spent on eligible purchases for 6 consecutive statement periods. Maximum cashback available is $450. The first eligible spend period will commence from the day your account is opened, up to the end of your second statement period. After this date, the offer spend requirements will align to each statement period that follows until exhausted. Transactions must be fully processed and any pending transactions at the end of the statement period will not count towards the spend criteria. Cash advances and refunds (including CommBank Yello cashback offers) are not included as eligible transactions.

Cashback will be credited within 90 days of each eligible statement period where the spend criteria has been met and will appear on your statement as ‘CASHBACK’. You will be ineligible for the cashback if your account is closed, switched to another card or in default at any time prior to the cashback being credited to your account.

Offer only available on one credit card per customer. We reserve the right to close or vary this offer at any time.

^ 
Offer commenced 1 March 2025 and is only available on new Smart Awards credit cards applied for. Offer not available to customers who currently hold, or have held, any activated Awards card types in the 18 months prior as a primary cardholder or customers who switch from other card types.

 20,000 CommBank Awards points or 12,500 bonus Qantas Points will be awarded every month (statement period) $1,500 or more is spent on eligible purchases for 4 consecutive statement periods. Maximum bonus points available is 80,000 CommBank Awards points or 50,000 bonus Qantas Points. The first eligible spend period will commence from the day your account is opened, up to the end of your second statement period. After this date, the offer spend requirements will align to each statement period that follows until exhausted. Transactions must be fully processed and any pending transactions at the end of the statement period will not count towards the spend criteria. Cash advances and refunds (including CommBank Yello cashback offers) are not included as eligible transactions.

To be awarded the bonus Qantas Points, you must opt-in to Qantas Points in your CommBank credit card application or via the CommBank Awards website prior to meeting the spend criteria for each statement period. If you opt-in to Qantas Points in your credit card application, or after applying but before you meet each offer eligibility criteria, you will receive the monthly Qantas Points in place of CommBank Awards each month. Points are initially accrued as Awards points in the CommBank Awards Program and will be automatically converted, at the end of the next statement period, into Qantas Points and transferred to your Qantas Frequent Flyer account after meeting the eligibility criteria. If you don’t opt-in to Qantas Points, or you opt-out of Qantas Points prior to meeting the spend eligibility criteria, you will receive the monthly CommBank Awards points each month.

The earning and redemption of CommBank Award points are subject to the CommBank Awards Program Terms and Conditions available at 
commbank.com.au/awardst&cs
. Once CommBank Awards points are transferred to Qantas Points, they are governed by the terms and conditions of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program available at 
qantas.com/terms
 and cannot be converted back to CommBank Awards points or redeemed under the CommBank Awards Program.

Bonus points will be credited within 90 days of each eligible statement period where the spend criteria has been met and will appear on your statement as ‘BONUS AWARDS’. You will be ineligible for the bonus points if your account is closed, switched to another card or in default at any time prior to the bonus points being credited to your account. 

Offer only available on one credit card per customer. We reserve the right to close or vary this offer at any time.

*
 Offer commenced 1 March 2025 and is only available on new Ultimate Awards credit cards applied for. Offer not available to customers who currently hold, or have held, any activated Awards card types in the 18 months prior as a primary cardholder or customers who switch from other card types.

25,000 CommBank Awards points or 17,500 bonus Qantas Points will be awarded every month (statement period) $3,000 or more is spent on eligible purchases for 4 consecutive statement periods. Maximum bonus points available is 100,000 CommBank Awards points or 70,000 bonus Qantas Points. The first eligible spend period will commence from the day your account is opened, up to the end of your second statement period. After this date, the offer spend requirements will align to each statement period that follows until exhausted. Transactions must be fully processed and any pending transactions at the end of the statement period will not count towards the spend criteria. Cash advances and refunds (including CommBank Yello cashback offers) are not included as eligible transactions.

To be awarded the bonus Qantas Points, you must opt-in to Qantas Points in your CommBank credit card application or via the CommBank Awards website prior to meeting the spend criteria for each statement period. If you opt-in to Qantas Points in your credit card application, or after applying but before you meet each offer eligibility criteria, you will receive the monthly Qantas Points in place of CommBank Awards each month. Points are initially accrued as Awards points in the CommBank Awards Program and will be automatically converted, at the end of the next statement period, into Qantas Points and transferred to your Qantas Frequent Flyer account after meeting the eligibility criteria. If you don’t opt-in to Qantas Points, or you opt-out of Qantas Points prior to meeting the spend eligibility criteria, you will receive the monthly CommBank Awards points each month.

The earning and redemption of CommBank Award points are subject to the CommBank Awards Program Terms and Conditions available at 
commbank.com.au/awardst&cs
. Once CommBank Awards points are transferred to Qantas Points, they are governed by the terms and conditions of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program available at 
qantas.com/terms
 and cannot be converted back to CommBank Awards points or redeemed under the CommBank Awards Program.

Bonus points will be credited within 90 days of each eligible statement period where the spend criteria has been met and will appear on your statement as ‘BONUS AWARDS’. You will be ineligible for the bonus points if your account is closed, switched to another card or in default at any time prior to the bonus points being credited to your account. 

Offer only available on one credit card per customer. We reserve the right to close or vary this offer at any time.

1
 For Low Fee credit cards, there is no monthly fee when you spend at least $300 on your Low Fee credit card in your statement period to qualify for no monthly fee for that month. Otherwise the monthly fee is $3. Spend includes all purchases and cash advances made using your Low Fee credit card, minus any refunds. This is for all transactions fully processed in the given statement period (not pending transactions).

2
 For Smart Awards credit cards, there is no monthly fee if you spend at least $2,000 on your Smart Awards credit card in your statement period to qualify for no monthly fee for that month. Otherwise the monthly fee is $19. Spend includes all purchases and cash advances made using your Smart Awards credit card, minus any refunds. This is for all transactions fully processed in the given statement period (not pending transactions).

For Ultimate Awards credit cards, there is no monthly fee if you spend at least $4,000 on your Ultimate Awards credit card in your statement period to qualify for no monthly fee for that month. Otherwise the monthly fee is $35. Spend includes all purchases and cash advances made using your Ultimate Awards credit card, minus any refunds. This is for all transactions fully processed in the given statement period (not pending transactions).

3
 From 10 December 2024, interest rates offered on approval vary from 10.99% p.a. to 15.99% p.a. The rate offered to you (your personalised interest rate) within this range depends on different factors, including your individual credit risk score.

Once your credit contract is entered into, your personalised interest rate will be reviewed periodically and may change upon review. We may also vary the range of rates available for new Low Rate credit cards at any time. We’ll notify you as outlined in the conditions of use if your personalised interest rate changes.  

All customers with an existing CommBank Low Rate credit card, and customers who switch from an existing CommBank credit card to a Low Rate credit card will be offered or will retain an interest rate of 13.99% p.a. This rate may be varied at any time during the term of the credit contract.

Please refer to the 
Low Rate credit card FAQs
 for more information.

Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 and Australian credit licence 234945.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank