https://www.commbank.com.au/home-loans/buying-your-next-home.html?ei=support_next-home

Buying your next home - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Buying your next home

Buying your next home

Thinking about upsizing or a tree or sea change?

Things may be a little different the second time around. We’ve got the tools and support to help you sell and get moving into your next home. 

                        Getting started

                        Guidance

                        Get ready to buy

                        Find a new home

                        Tools & calculators

Book appointment

Apply online

Getting started

Renovate or move? 

If you like where you live, you may want to consider renovating instead of finding a new home. 

Read more

Turning your home into an investment

Depending on your circumstances, you could consider turning your current home into an investment property.

Tell me more

Seller's checklist

Use our seller's checklist to help you get started and ensure you're as prepared as possible.

Tell me more

Steps to buying a new home

There are a few extra steps to consider when you’re buying a home for the second time around. 

Tell me more

Make informed property decisions with Home Hub

Get access to all the property tools and guidance you need in one place in 
Home Hub
 within the CommBank app. 

Tell me more

Book a time with a Home Lending Specialist

Book now

$699 conveyancing for eligible CommBank customers*

Home-in’s experienced team and secure, award-winning app
2
 will help guide you through the conveyancing process. Built by CommBank and trusted by thousands of Australian home buyers, receive real-time status updates, six-hour contract reviews
3
, and one of the industry’s best on-day settlement rates
4
.

Sign up now

Explore step-by-step guide for buying your next home

Planning to buy

Case study: Meet Joanne

Property search

Home loan types and features

Application process

Manage your loan

Home buying language 

Getting ready to buy

Weigh up the costs  

Consider all the costs involved in selling a home and make sure your finances are in check. 

Tell me more

What can I afford? 

Your financial situation may be different to when you last bought and what you can afford could have changed too. 

Tell me more

Get a property report 

A property report can help you understand the market and the value of homes in the area you're looking to buy. 

Get property report

Find a property 

Use the CommBank property search to search for properties and gain market insights. 

Seach for properties

Find a new home

Getting your finance ready

Having conditional pre-approval could ensure you don’t miss out on the property you want.

Read more

Making an offer and more

We can talk you through the final steps to owning a new home. 

Keep reading

Buying before you sell 

If you buy before you sell, you may be eligible for bridging finance. 

Tell me more

See our home loan options 

Explore now

Tools & calculators

Calculators

How much can I borrow?

What would my repayments be?

What would my upfront costs be?

Tools

Compare our home loans

Budget planner

Search for a property

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

Was the information on this page useful?

Yes

No

Thanks for your feedback. Have a suggestion? Please 
help us improve
.

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Things you should know

Rate/s apply to new lending only and may include a margin below or above the applicable reference rate. The current reference rates including for Interest Only payments can be found 
here
.

1
 To apply for a Wealth Package, you must have an eligible home loan or line of credit with an initial package lending balance of at least $150,000 at the time of your application. Eligible home loans include: Standard Variable Rate home loan, Fixed Rate home loans and Viridian Line of Credit. A non-refundable annual fee of $395 is payable in advance. The package can be established in the name of one or two individual’s name/s, or in the name of a corporate entity. It cannot be established in the name of a business or family investment trust. Customers with Low Documentation loans are not eligible to apply for Wealth Package.

Subject to credit approval. Fees, charges, terms and conditions apply. As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances before acting on the advice.

2
 We Money - Property Innovation of the Year Award (2024), Customer Service Excellence Award - Customer Service Organization of the Year: Small (2023), Finder Innovation Awards - Best Online Customer Service Innovation (2023).

3
 Contracts are reviewed within six business hours 95% of the time (October 2023). To ensure contracts are reviewed within six business hours, customers must upload the entire contract within the Home-in app.

4
 Home-in has one of the highest on-time settlement rates in the industry with 95% of Home-in customers settling on time in 2023.

* This offer is valid from 6 May 2025. To secure the offer you will need to engage the services of a Home-in partner law firm via the Home-in app on or after this date. If you engaged the services of a Home-in partner law firm via the Home-in app before this date, you are not eligible for this offer. This offer cannot be combined with other Home-in offers.

This offer is only available to CommBank customers who meet the following criteria:

(a) have an eligible CommBank transaction account: Smart Access, Complete Access, Everyday Offset, Pensioner Security (excluding Pensioner Security Passbook accounts) or Private Bank Account; and 

(b) fund an eligible residential property purchase with a CommBank home loan; and

(c) settle this property purchase using the in-app legal services provided through Home-in.

This offer only applies to buy-side conveyancing services for residential property purchases in Australia. Home-in does not offer conveyancing services for the purchase of off-the-plan, rural/agricultural, retail or commercial properties, or properties with a purchase price in excess of $5,000,000. Additional fees apply to conveyancing services in respect of complex titles (such as old system, leasehold and company titles), which are excluded from this offer.

This offer is only available through CommBank’s proprietary channels, it is not available to customers that originate through Bankwest, Unloan or a broker channel. 

If you settle on a property without meeting the eligibility criteria, this offer will not apply and you will be required to pay the standard list price for your conveyancing services. If you do not ultimately settle on a property purchase with Home-in within 6 months of your first contract review, any disbursements, contract review fees and ancillary service fees incurred will become payable to Home-in at the standard list price.

The $699 (including GST) offer includes the following conveyancing services: one standard contract review, reasonable negotiation with the vendor’s solicitor, preparation of documents and figures required for settlement and electronic or paper settlement for your property.

Disbursements are additional and charged at cost. For some property purchases, you may require or request additional services for which we charge a professional fee, such as expedited settlement or usage of a trust account.

Find out more about Home-in's pricing by visiting home-in.com.au/pricing. Home-in reserves the right to terminate the offer and change the pricing at any time.

Home-in is a brand of CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd ABN 38 633 072 830 trading as Home-in Digital. CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd is a wholly owned but non-guaranteed subsidiary of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124. CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd is not an Authorised Deposit-taking Institution for the purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) and its obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Commonwealth Bank of Australia.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank