https://www.commbank.com.au/articles/credit-cards/how-do-credit-cards-work.html

How do credit cards work?

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

How do credit cards work?

Knowing about the different types of credit cards available and how they work will help you pick the right one for your lifestyle and budget.

A credit card can be an effective tool for making purchases, simplifying your finances and even smoothing out your cash flow. But before applying for one, it’s a good idea to understand how they work.

Related articles

How to get a credit card

What makes up your credit card balance?

How does credit card interest work?

Types of cards

Broadly, there are four types of credit cards  

Interest-free
: This type of credit card may best suit people who are new to credit and want more control over their finances. Interest-free cards generally offer a simple monthly fee based on the card limit, so there's no complex fees and pricing structures. 

Low Fee
: These cards tend to be suited to people who want a credit card for the convenience, and are confident they’ll be able to pay back their balance in full each month. They attract a higher interest rate than some other card types.

Low Rate
: Low-rate credit cards typically have a lower purchase interest rate than some other cards. These cards are suited to people who expect they’ll carry over a balance from month to month rather than paying it off in full, and would like to minimise the interest they’ll pay on this balance. Low-rate cards have a higher annual fee than some of our other card types.

Awards
: These cards allow you to earn awards points as you spend. You can spend these points on travel, gifts or even choose to receive cash back. They have a higher annual fee and interest rate than some of our other card types.

Repayments

Credit cards require you to make repayments each month while there is an amount owing. You can choose to make the minimum payment as shown on your statement, or pay your balance in full. You can also pay off any amount in between. Keep in mind that the more you pay off, the less interest you’ll pay.

Balance transfers and cash advances

From 1 December 2023, balance transfers will no longer be offered on our credit cards. Balances already transferred will continue on the promotional rate until the amount is fully repaid or the balance transfer period ends, whichever comes first.

A balance transfer allows you to transfer a balance from an existing card (say, with another credit card provider, or a store card) onto a new credit card. With a new card you’ll typically be offered an introductory period with a low initial interest rate, which can help you save interest. When the introductory rate finishes, the outstanding balance (including any related interest) will be treated as a cash advance and charged interest at the cash advance interest rates.

You can also withdraw money from some credit cards. This is known as a cash advance
1
. Bear in mind that you’ll be charged a fee for cash advances, as well as higher interest on the cash advance amount you withdraw.

Fees

Credit cards have a number of associated fees associated, including annual fees, monthly fees, cash advance fees, late payment fees and international transaction fees. Before applying for any card, make sure you’re across all of the 
fees that may apply
 and have budgeted for any fees you may incur.

Credit card benefits

A credit card provides access to funds up to an agreed limit. Provided you pay the minimum repayment amount by the due date each month, you'll always have access to this limit. 

Credit cards can save you carrying cash and can be used to buy online or over the phone. They can be useful if, for example, you have to make a purchase before payday.

Credit card trade-offs

If you don’t repay your balance in full every month, you'll be charged interest in addition to any fees that may apply. Additionally, some cards don't allow for balance transfers or cash advances.

While credit cards can be convenient, remember that you'll have to repay any balance you accrue on your card. 

Find the CommBank credit card that's right for you

Compare credit cards

Things you should know

This article is intended to provide general information of an educational nature only. It does not have regard to the financial situation or needs of any reader and must not be relied upon as financial product advice. You should consider seeking independent financial advice before making any decision based on this information. Applications for credit cards are subject to approval. Full terms and conditions will be in our Letter of Offer. Fees and charges apply.

1 
For CommBank Essentials and CommBank Neo cards, cash advances will be blocked. Exceptions apply, as we are unable to block cash advance transactions that are not sent to us for authorisation and these will attract interest from the date the transaction is made, until it is repaid. For CommBank Neo, these will not incur any additional fees or interest charges.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank