https://www.commbank.com.au/investing/everyday-investing.html

Everyday Investing

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Investing & Super

                 / 

Everyday Investing

Everyday Investing

Invest in up to three professionally designed funds with as little as $2 per investment​

                        Features & benefits

                        What is a managed fund?

                        The funds

                        Fees

                        Eligibility

                        FAQs

Get started

An easy and accessible way to start investing

3 diversified funds

There are three managed funds, each with their own mix of growth and defensive assets.

Professionally designed

Have your investments managed by professionals.

$2 minimum investment​

Invest with as little as $2 per investment, less than a cup of coffee.

Withdraw anytime

Access your money in typically two business days.

A managed fund is like an investment smoothie made by a professional

In a managed fund, your money is pooled together with other investors. The investment manager then uses that money to invest on your behalf, giving you exposure to a range of assets such as shares, property and infrastructure. You’re allocated units in the fund, which are based on the unit price at the time you invest. The value of your investment can change if the value of the assets within the fund goes up or down. This will be reflected in the daily unit price.

More info on managed funds

Three professionally designed funds

Before you invest, we’ll ask you a few questions about your investment preferences. Your answers will determine whether you’re likely to be in the target market for any

of the funds. You will only be able to invest in the funds your answers indicate you are likely to be in the target market for.

Balanced Fund

Designed for investors with a medium to high risk tolerance for market ups and downs seeking medium to high potential growth over a five-year minimum suggested investment timeframe. This fund has a balanced mix of growth and defensive assets.

Growth Fund

Designed for investors with a high to very high risk tolerance for market ups and downs seeking high to very high potential growth over a seven-year minimum suggested investment timeframe. This fund has a higher allocation to growth assets than the Balanced Fund.

High Growth Fund

Designed for investors with a high to very high risk tolerance for market ups and downs seeking high to very high potential growth over an eight-year minimum suggested investment timeframe. This fund has the highest allocation to growth assets.

What you pay

Monthly access fee

This is charged to your Linked CommBank Account. $0 where the total account balance is less than $1,000. $2 where the total account balance is $1,000 or more.

This fee will be waived until 30 September 2025.

Management fees and costs

The fees and costs for managing your investment equals 0.35% p.a. which is calculated as a percentage of the total value of the fund. The fees are subject to change. Refer to the 
Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
. They’re reflected in the daily unit price.

Transaction costs

The costs incurred by the fund when buying or selling assets. 0.05% p.a. (estimated), which is also reflected in the daily unit price for the fund.

Example

 As an example, if you invested $1,000 across all three funds and assuming your balance remained at $1,000 throughout the year, you’d pay $24 ($2 monthly) in access fees, about $3.50 in management costs and $0.50 in transaction costs. That’s a total of $28 for the year.

Check you’re eligible

You can open an Everyday Investing account if you: ​

Are 18 years or older

Are in Australia and have an Australian residential address​

Have an eligible Linked CommBank Account

Meet the identification and verification requirements

Read, agree to and meet eligibility criteria in the 
CommBank Everyday Investing Terms & Conditions

FAQs

View more Everyday Investing FAQs

                                    How do I create an Everyday Investing account?

Search for Everyday Investing

Go to the CommBank app, search for 'Everyday Investing', and then tap on the Everyday Investing product to view the product details.

Review the product information and get started

Once you have reviewed the product information and important documents, tap on the 'Get started' button and fill in the required information to create your account.

What you’re eligible to invest in

Before you invest, we’ll ask you a few questions about your investment preferences.

Your answers will determine whether you’re likely to be in the target market for 
any
 of the funds and are eligible to invest. You’ll only be able to invest in funds that you’re likely to be in the target market for.

                                    I just created an Everyday Investing account, but I can't see it.

Your account is usually created immediately, but it may take up to 20 minutes to appear.

                                    What do the three Everyday Investing managed funds invest in?

The Everyday Investing managed funds offer a diversified approach to investing. Each fund has its own mix of growth and defensive assets.

Growth assets

Investments that offer higher potential return over the long term but also have more fluctuations in the short term. Shares (also known as equities) and property are considered growth assets.

Defensive assets

Investments that aim to provide stable returns over longer periods and are generally lower in risk. Cash and fixed income are considered defensive assets. 

You can read more about the mix of growth and defensive asset classes each fund holds in the 
Everyday Investing Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
. 

                                    How long will it take for an investment/withdrawal to process?

Transactions typically take up to two business days to process. Longer timeframes may apply from time to time.

Please refer to 'Guide to applying for and transacting on your account' in the 
Everyday Investing Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
 for more information.

How it works

We’ve teamed up with Colonial First State Investments Limited (CFS) and Commonwealth Private Limited (CPL) to bring you Everyday Investing. The managed funds are offered by CFS, who is the responsible entity of the funds and issuer of the financial products offered under Everyday Investing. CommBank is the distributor of the funds while CPL, a wholly owned but non-guaranteed subsidiary of CommBank, is the investment manager. This means you’re investing in CFS managed funds through Everyday Investing, not in CommBank products. 

Get started

Experience a streamlined new sign-up process, all in the CommBank app.

Simply log in, search for 'Everyday Investing', and then tap on the Everyday Investing product to view the product details.

Important information

Take some time to read the following documents before opening an account. They outline important information such as fees, risks, the target market and terms and conditions.

Balanced Fund Target Market Determination (TMD)

Growth Fund Target Market Determination (TMD)

High Growth Fund Target Market Determination (TMD)

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)

View other important information

Things you should know

Colonial First State Investments Limited (CFS) ABN 98 002 348 352, AFSL 232468 is the responsible entity of the managed funds and issuer of the financial products offered under Everyday Investing. The Everyday Investing suite of financial products are distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CommBank). Where we mention ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’, we mean CommBank. Commonwealth Private Limited (CPL) ABN 30 125 238 039, AFSL 314018, a wholly-owned non-guaranteed subsidiary of CommBank has been appointed as the Investment Manager by CFS for the managed funds. The CFS Group consists of Superannuation and Investments HoldCo Pty Limited ABN 64 644 660 882 (HoldCo) and its subsidiaries, which includes CFS. CommBank holds an interest in the CFS Group through its significant minority interest in HoldCo.

This information may include general advice but does not take into account your individual objectives, financial situation, needs or tax circumstances, and so you should consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to your circumstances before acting on it.

The Target Market Determination (TMD) for the financial products can be found on 
Everyday Investing Important Documents
 and includes a description of who the product is appropriate for and any conditions on how the product can be distributed to customers. You should read the  Terms and Conditions (T&Cs), Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) and Financial Services Guides (FSGs) carefully before making a decision about acquiring or continuing to hold these products and consider talking to a financial adviser before making an investment decision. You can get the T&Cs, PDS and FSGs on 
Everyday Investing Important Documents
 or by calling 
13 22 21
.

Neither CommBank, CFS Group, nor any of their respective subsidiaries guarantee the performance of the financial products or the repayment of capital. An investment in any of the financial products is subject to risk, loss of income and capital invested. Everyday Investing is not an investment in, deposit with or other liability of CommBank or its subsidiaries. This information is based on current requirements and laws as at the date of publication.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank