https://www.commbank.com.au/super-retiring/essential-super.html

Essential Super | Open Superannuation Account | CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Super & retiring

                 / 

Essential Super

Essential Super

Build a future you think is super.

Open now

                        Features & benefits

                        Investment options

                        Fees & costs

                        Insurance

                        How super works

                        Manage your account

Why choose Essential Super?

The expertise of Colonial First State

Backed by 30+ years of experience, so you can feel confident your super is in expert hands.

Low fees 

Fees lower than the super funds average, including industry funds.
1

Award winning super

Winner of Mozo's “Exceptional Super for Gen Z” and “Low Fee Super - High Growth” awards.
^

Open an Essential Super account in minutes

Log into the CommBank app or NetBank

And search for ‘Essential Super’.

Not a CommBank customer? Download the app on 
iOS
 or 
Android
 to sign up

Read and confirm

Read the summary of the product features to decide if Essential Super is right for you and confirm your details are up to date.

Open your account

In NetBank or the CommBank app, you can:

View your super balance

Make a personal contribution

Click through to CFS to manage and make changes to your super

Open now

What are my super investment options?

Essential Super provides a range of investment options to suit your needs and preferred level of involvement.

Investments managed for you

As you move through life, your investment needs, financial situation, and attitude to risk can change. With Essential Super, your money is automatically invested in a Lifestage investment option based on your age. As you move from one life stage to the next, the investment mix will adjust accordingly. 

More about the Lifestage investment option

Choose your own investments 

For more control over how your money is invested, Essential Super offers a range of diverse options from global or Australian shares, as well as a sustainability option. Once you’re a member, you can choose these at any time.

Compare other investment options

What are the fees & costs?

Essential Super fees are lower than the super funds average by giving you the basics, without the extras that keep fees high. See how Essential Super compares with funds average based on a $50,000 super balance
1
.

Learn more about fees

What are my insurance options in super?

Insurance cover

Essential Super insurance can help provide financial protection for you and your family  if you pass away, become terminally ill or are totally or partially disabled and unable to work due to illness or injury.

You may automatically receive a level of Lifestage default Death and Total and Permanent Disablement cover through your account
2
 or you can apply for a select amount of Tailored Death, Total and Permanent Disablement or Salary Continuance Insurance cover (also known as Income Protection).

Explore insurance in super

Changing your level of cover is simple

As your life changes, so can the level of insurance protection you need.

You can increase, reduce or cancel your cover anytime. Simply log on to NetBank or the CommBank app, select your Essential Super and click on Insurance to go through to CFS. Increases to cover are subject to the insurer’s acceptance.

More about levels of cover

Need to make a claim?

CFS understands that when making a claim you may be going through a difficult time.

They’ll ensure claims are assessed and paid as soon as possible.

How to make a claim

Who is Essential Super for?

                                    Essential Super is suitable for people who:

are at least 16 years old (the Trustee may exercise its discretion to allow a person from 14 years of age to join the fund through the Essential Super Employer arrangement), currently living in Australia, an Australian citizen, permanent resident or relevant visa holder

want to use superannuation to build wealth for their retirement

want a super fund that can receive employer contributions, rollovers from other super funds and voluntary contributions

want to invest and grow their super through investment earning and/or contributions

want to invest in a MySuper default investment (the Lifestage investment option) and have the ability to choose from other limited 
investment options
 that may be aligned to their risk, return and investment objectives.

want automatic Death and Total and Permanent Disablement (TPD) insurance cover (called Lifestage cover) or Tailored Death, TPD and Salary Continuance Insurance (SCI) (also known as Income Protection) cover through super (which is subject to the insurer’s acceptance), directly debited from their super balance. For eligibility requirements and other important information about this insurance cover please see the 
Insurance Reference Guide

want the ability to view and manage their superannuation account digitally

                                    Essential Super isn’t suitable for people who:

are not saving for retirement, or

need a product with a wide variety of investment options and/or looking to trade and hold direct share investments, or

are retired and need a retirement income, or

require insurance to cover an existing illness or injury, in some circumstances, noting this exclusion does not apply to Tailored cover

How does superannuation work?

Superannuation Learning Hub

What is super? How are super contributions taxed? How does investing in super work?

Explore the learning hub to learn more about superannuation.

Learn more about super

Ways to boost your super

There are various ways to contribute to your superannuation and making extra contributions can help boost your super balance.

Learn more about super contributions

                    Super projection calculator

                    Save tax with superannuation

                    Need help choosing a super fund?

Already have an Essential Super account?

Setting up your account

Send your employer the SuperChoice Form

Consolidate super and save on fees
3

Make a personal contribution

Managing your account

Log in to NetBank

Questions about your account? Visit our 
Member Resources page

Fund details

Fund name: Essential Super

 ABN: 56 601 925 435 

 USI / SPIN: FSF1332AU

Super Forms & docs

Manage your super in NetBank or the CommBank app

Choose how your money is invested, track your balance and more.

Open now

Here to help

New customer or don’t bank with us online?

Find out how to register for NetBank. 

Once you have registered for NetBank, you can apply for Essential Super online via the website, NetBank or the CommBank app.

Need help with NetBank or CommBank app? 

Send a message in the CommBank app or call 13 2221, 8am – 8pm (Syd/Melb time). 
Need to reset your login? Search FAQs.

Need help with Essential Super? 

Call CFS on 13 4074, 8:30am - 6pm (Syd/Melb time), Mon-Fri or +61 2 9197 3000 from overseas.
Email CFS at contactessentialsuper@cfs.com.au.

Things you should know

1
 The fee comparison is for MySuper products.This fee comparison is based on the Lifestage 1965-69 investment option for a member balance of $50,000 and may vary for different age cohorts. The Chant West Super Fund Fee Survey compares the Lifestage option that is closest to 71% growth assets, which is consistent with the average risk and return profile of most non-lifecycle products. Total fees and costs include administration fees and costs, investment fees and costs and net transaction costs on a gross of tax basis. Fund averages are calculated by Chant West on a weighted average basis.This comparison has been prepared by CFS using data sourced from the Chant West Super Fund Fee Survey, effective 31 March 2025 and is based on information provided to Chant West by third parties, that is believed accurate at the time of publication. Fees may change in the future which may affect the outcome of the comparison. Chant West may make adjustments to fees and costs for comparison purposes and therefore data may vary to other published materials. Whilst care has been taken to ensure that the data provided by Chant West is correct, CFS neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of the information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Additional fees may apply. Refer to the 
PDS
 and 
Fees and Investments Reference Guide
 to find out more.

2
 Please see the 
PDS
 and 
Insurance Reference Guide
 for specific terms that apply to insurance cover in Essential Super, including what’s not covered. For at least the first two years of your Lifestage cover, you generally won’t be paid a benefit if it is due to a pre-existing condition (Limited cover). Generally, a pre-existing condition is an illness or injury that you were aware of at any time before your cover commenced or increase. This exclusion will no longer apply if you're capable of working for 30 consecutive days either immediately before the two year period ends or at any time after the two year period ends. Additional exclusions also apply.

Any information provided by CBA may include general financial product advice but does not consider your individual objectives, financial situation, needs or tax circumstances, and so you should consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to your circumstances before acting on it. You should read the PDS and the Reference Guides for Essential Super carefully and consider whether the information is appropriate for you before making any decision regarding this product.

3
 The information provided does not take your personal objectives, financial or taxation situation or other needs into account. If you need advice on your personal circumstances, please talk to a financial adviser. Before you make a decision to consolidate your super, you should compare the costs, fees, risks and benefits of your other super funds against Essential Super. It makes sense to consider whether you can replace any insurance cover you may lose upon rolling over, potential costs for withdrawing from other super funds, as well as any investment or tax implications.

^ 
Essential Super was recognised in Mozo Experts Choice Awards 2025. For more information, visit 
Mozo
.

Avanteos Investments Limited ABN 20 096 259 979, AFSL 245531 (referred to as Colonial First State, CFS, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’) is the Trustee of Essential Super ABN 56 601 925 435 and the issuer of interests in Essential Super. Essential Super is distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (the Bank). The CFS Group consists of Superannuation and Investments HoldCo Pty Limited ABN 64 644 660 882 (HoldCo) and its subsidiaries, which includes CFS. The Bank holds an interest in the CFS Group through its significant minority interest in HoldCo.

This information is issued by CFS and may include general financial product advice but does not consider your individual objectives, financial situation, needs or tax circumstances, and so you should consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to your circumstances before acting on it. The Target Market Determination (TMD) for Essential Super can be found at 
cfs.com.au/tmd
 and includes a description of who the financial product is appropriate for and any conditions on how the product can be distributed to customers. You should read the Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) and the Reference Guides for Essential Super carefully and consider whether the information is appropriate for you before making any decision regarding this product. Download the PDS and Reference Guides at 
commbank.com.au/essentialsuper-documents
 or call us on 13 4074 for a copy.

None of the Bank, HoldCo, CFS, nor any of their respective subsidiaries guarantee the performance of Essential Super or the repayment of capital by Essential Super. An investment in this product is subject to risk, loss of income and capital invested. An investment in Essential Super is via a superannuation trust and is therefore not an investment in, deposit with or other liability of the Bank or its subsidiaries.

The insurance provider is AIA Australia Limited ABN 79 004 837 861, AFSL 230043 (AIA Australia). AIA Australia is not part of the Commonwealth Bank Group or CFS. Insurance cover is provided to eligible members of Essential Super under policies issued to CFS.

Please refer to the 
Group Privacy Statement
 and the 
CFS Privacy Policy
 for more information about how your personal information is collected, used and shared.

The CommBank app is free to download however your mobile network provider charges you for accessing data on your phone. You should refer to your mobile phone plan or contact your provider to find out more. Terms and conditions are available on the CommBank app. NetBank access with NetCode SMS required. Find out about the minimum operating requirements on the CommBank app page. The CommBank app is available on Android operating systems 8.0+ and iOS operating system 15.0+.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank