https://www.commbank.com.au/support/financial-support/financial-hardship.html?ei=tl-tools-hardship

Financial hardship - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Support

                 / 

                Financial support

                 / 

Financial hardship

Financial hardship

If you’re struggling to pay your debts on time, we have alternative payment options to assist.

                        When to get help

                        Financial hardship arrangements

                        Ways to contact us

                        How we can help

                        Support for your business

                        Other services

Contact us online

When to get financial support

Make contact with us as soon as you’re worried that you’ll miss a payment or will be unable to meet your ongoing payments. This means we can work with you to ease any stress by discussing your situation and payment options. You can message us in the CommBank app anytime, 
request help online
 or call us.

Reach out for support early

Increases to your everyday expenses such as 
cost of living pressures
 or a change in your circumstances can require planning and adjusting how you manage your household budget.

If you’re struggling to keep up or worried about managing your debt repayments in the future, get in touch with us asap.

We can help with tailored support to suit your needs, or you can visit our 
financial support hub
 to find more information that can help you day to day.

Why you may need financial support

There are many reasons you can find yourself struggling to meet your repayments, including:

Cost of living pressures

Unemployment or changes in income

Death in the family 

Serious illness or injury

Family and domestic violence

Natural disasters
 (e.g. floods, bushfires)

Unexpected expenses or business downturn

Missed or late payments?

If you’re worried that you’ll miss a payment, or will be unable to meet your ongoing payments, please contact us.

It’s important to talk to us if you think you will not be able to meet your payments, even if it’s only short term. 

Any missed or late payments can result in additional charges such as late fees and may impact your credit report.

Understand how 
missed or late payments may impact your credit report
.

Financial hardship arrangements

What is a financial hardship arrangement?

If you're struggling to make repayments, entering into a financial hardship arrangement may assist you during this time.

We can provide an alternative payment arrangement for a period of time, so you don’t get too far behind on your credit card or loan. This may be agreeing to a deferral of your repayments or making reduced payments. 

Can hardship impact your credit score?

A financial hardship arrangement does not affect your 
credit score
. Your credit report will note that you have an arrangement in place, and remain on your report for 12 months, however it won’t disclose the reason for your arrangement.

That’s why, entering into an arrangement is recommended as it demonstrates your commitment to getting back on track. If you cannot make your repayments and do not enter an arrangement it may negatively impact your credit score.

Learn more about credit scores 

Watch to learn more

Hear tips
1
 from our Personal Finance Expert, Jess Irvine, that may help you with the rising cost of living. 

Watch to learn more about credit reports. 

Ways to contact us

Get help in the CommBank app or call us

You can request help, by messaging us in the CommBank app. We’ll ask you a few questions and connect you with the right help for your situation. If we need to contact you, we’ll message you back during business hours.

If you don’t have the app, we’ll direct you to log on to NetBank to raise an online request, or you can give us a call.

Message us online

Need short term help?

If you get an unexpected expense, or think you may miss a repayment, it’s important to contact us early so we can help.

For repayment support you can contact us however it best suits you.

Message us:

Chat to us in the CommBank app

Call us: 

13 30 95

8am to 9pm Monday to Friday

9am to 2pm Saturday (Sydney/Melbourne time).

Write to us:

PO Box 790 Parramatta NSW 2124, or

Email 
financialassist@cba.com.au

Is your financial difficulty ongoing?

If your circumstances have changed or you think your situation may be ongoing, message us or call as soon as you can.

One of our Financial Assist specialists will work with you to understand your personal situation and find a sustainable solution to help.

Message us:

Chat to us in the CommBank app

Call us: 

1300 720 814 

8am to 9pm Monday to Friday

9am to 2pm Saturday (Sydney time)

Overseas? 
Message us or call +61 2 9999 3283
 (standard roaming charges may apply)

Write to us:

PO Box 9823 Parramatta NSW 2124, or 

Email 
financialassist@cba.com.au

Do you need help with your insurance?

If you have home, landlord, or car insurance provided by Hollard Insurance Partners Limited, contact them directly to discuss maintaining the insurance while you need assistance.

Call Hollard on 
13 1361

8am to 8pm Monday to Friday 

8am to 5pm Saturday (Sydney/Melbourne time).

If you have Income Protection insurance, we encourage you to speak to your provider in case you may be able to claim against it.

If it’s issued by AIA
,
 please contact their Customer Service Team with any questions or claims enquiries.

Call AIA Australia on 
1800 491 588

9am to 5pm Monday to Friday (Sydney/Melbourne time) 

How we can help

We have a range of options

We will work with you to find the right solution for your situation. Our support options include:

Customised payment arrangements such as the option to defer, or reduce, repayments for up to a few months

Waiving fees and charges 

Interest Rate concessions on eligible personal loans, home loans and wealth packages

Extending your loan term extensions to reduce your immediate repayment amounts

Interest only payments on eligible home loans for a period of time

Make use of available money in your Everyday Offset towards your living expenses or to manage your budget

Set up AutoPay
 to automatically transfer money from your transaction account to your credit card to help you pay on time

What to expect

To help us determine how we can best support you, we may ask:

About your income and expenses

For documents to support your claim for financial hardship assistance (e.g. a medical certificate or employment separation certificate)

Everything you tell us will be confidential and assessed on a case-by-case basis. You can nominate someone to discuss your request for help if you prefer (e.g. a financial counsellor, friend or family member). We will create a plan of action together with you to get you back on-track.

Support for your business

Support options for eligible business customers

Reduced payments for a period of time

Extension of a loan term

Debt restructure

Debt refinance

Concessions for certain fees and charges

If you’re a business customer and have a business loan or a line of credit, call us on 
13 26 07
 any time (
contact us from overseas
) and we'll work with you to develop a solution tailored to your needs.

You can find out more about our processes (PDF)
 for assessing and providing you with financial assistance and the documents you may need.

Support for businesses

More support & services

Cost of living support

Discover tools, tips and guidance articles to help you with the everyday cost of living.

Tell me more

Access external support services

In addition to contacting us, you may also find helpful information at 
CreditSmart
, or these 
external support services
 if you’re experiencing financial hardship.

Tools & tips for managing your money

You can also see our simple tools and tips for managing your money:

How to create a budget

Tips to help you control your spending

How to manage bills and pay on time

Tips for paying off debt

Budget planner

Savings calculator

More everyday finance tips

Talk to a counsellor

As a CommBank customer, you can access three confidential telephone counselling sessions, free of charge. The Customer Support Service provides informal and friendly discussions with a qualified and professional counsellor if you are in need of emotional or psychological support. You can make an appointment by calling 1300 360 793.

We're here to help

Contact us

Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.

FAQs

Search support and our most frequently asked questions.

Find a branch

Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.

Things you should know

Discover how 
missed or late payments may impact your credit report
.

Accessibility and Inclusion

Our 
Accessibility and Inclusion Strategy 2024–2026 (PDF)
 is our public commitment to accessibility and inclusion. It outlines the achievements that we made under the 2021-2023 plan, and the steps we’re taking now.

You can also read the 
Accessibility and Inclusion Strategy 2024–2026 in Easy English (PDF)
. This version provides easy to understand and concise information for people with low English literacy.

Visit 
commbank.com.au/accessibility
 for more information. 

Complaints and compliments

We want to know when we’ve let you down, so we can make things right. We’d also love to hear about your positive experiences when someone in our team makes things easier, quicker or special for you. You can 
make a complaint or give us a compliment
 any time.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank