https://www.commbank.com.au/home-loans/interest-offset.html?ei=threetiles-offset/home-loans/interest-offset.html?ei=threetiles-offset

Everyday Offset Account - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Everyday Offset Account

Everyday Offset Account

Make your money work harder by saving on interest and paying off your home loan sooner with an offset account(s).

                        Offset & redraw

                        How to switch

                        Features & benefits

                        Home loans with offset

                        Tools & support

Manage my offset

Apply for new loan

Understanding offset

An Everyday Offset is a transaction account linked to your eligible 
Standard Variable Rate
, 
Simple Home Loan
 and 
Digi Home Loan
. Money you put into your Everyday Offset reduces the balance on which we charge interest. This means you’ll only be paying interest on the difference.

Learn more about 
offset accounts

Offset & redraw

What's the difference between an offset account and a redraw facility?

Your Everyday Offset is a separate account linked to your eligible 
variable rate
 home loan, while 
redraw
 is a feature available for some eligible variable rate home loans. Both can help:

reduce the amount of interest you pay on your home loan

pay off your home loan sooner.

Redraw allows you to withdraw money you've contributed towards your home loan over and above your minimum required repayment. The money in your redraw account may reduce over the life of your loan so that, by the end of your agreed loan term, both your loan balance and the available redraw will be zero.

If you’re currently using a redraw facility to deposit money that you plan on using later, an Everyday Offset may be more suitable if you plan on using the money more regularly.

Tell me more about redraw vs offset

Compare home loans

Compare now

How to switch an account to Everyday Offset

You can switch an eligible account to an Everyday Offset online via NetBank with your eligible CommBank variable rate home loan

If you don’t already have an existing eligible transaction account, you’ll need to open an Everyday Account Smart Access first:

Log on to 
NetBank

Search 
'Offset'
 in the search bar and select '
Manage my offset
' from the dropdown menu.

Click on the ‘
Open Smart Access account
’ button and follow the instructions to open a Smart Access transaction account

Switch your transaction account to an Everyday Offset using the instructions below

Switch your Smart Access account to an Everyday Offset account:

Once you have opened your eligible transaction account, follow the below steps to switch it to an Everyday Offset account:

Search 'Offset' in the search bar and select '
Manage my offset
' from the dropdown menu

Click on the '
Link an offset
' button

Confirm your home loan and select the eligible transaction account to switch

Click ’
Link
' to complete the process.

Download the Everyday Offset fact sheet (PDF)

Features & benefits

100% offset

Money in your Everyday Offset reduces the balance of your home loan upon which we charge interest.

Save on interest charges

The more money you have in your Everyday Offset, the less interest you’ll pay on your home loan.

Pay your loan off sooner

Paying less interest over time could also reduce the time it takes to pay off your loan, as a larger portion of your repayments will go towards paying off the principal.

Link multiple offset accounts

Maximise the benefits by linking offset(s) to eligible CommBank home loans.

Link up to 99 Everyday Offset accounts to a CommBank Standard Variable Rate home loan. Or pay a $10 Offset Feature fee in exchange for the option to link up to two  Everyday Offset Accounts to a CommBank Simple Home Loan, and one Everyday Offset Account to a CommBank Digi Home Loan.

Access your money anytime

You can access your money using your Debit Mastercard
®
, in branch or online in 
NetBank
 and the 
CommBank app
.

No minimum balance 

There’s no minimum balance needed for the offset to be applied to your home loan. 

Home loans with an offset account

Variable rate loans with offset 

Get up to 99 offset accounts with Standard Variable Rate home Loan

Pay a $10 monthly Offset Feature fee when you link up to two Everyday Offset accounts with Simple Home Loan and one Everday Offset account with online only Digi Home Loan* 

Book time with a lender instantly

Get the most from your home loan application process and book time with a 
Home Lending Specialist
 at a time and place that suits you.

Book now

Apply for a home loan, conditional pre-approval or refinance

Start your home loan or refinance application online and if eligible receive a conditional approval in minutes.

Apply online

Tools & support

Calculators

How much can I borrow?

Upfront costs calculator

Home loan repayments calculator

Show me more

Manage my home loan

Guidance

What is an offset account?

3 ways to pay off your home loan faster

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

Was the information on this page useful?

Yes

No

Thanks for your feedback. Have a suggestion? Please 
help us improve
.

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Things you should know

The target market for this product will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination, 
available here
.

Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated.

As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should before acting on this advice, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. Please view our 
Financial Services Guide
 (PDF). 
Full terms and conditions for transaction and savings accounts
 (PDF) mentioned are 
available here
 or from any branch of the Commonwealth Bank. If you have a complaint in respect of this product, the Commonwealth Bank’s dispute resolution service can be accessed on 13 2221.

* 
You can link one Everyday Offset account to each eligible Digi Home Loan and up to two Everyday Offset accounts to each eligible Simple Home Loan. An Offset Feature fee will apply, see ‘
Fees we charge for consumer mortgage lending products
.'

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank