https://www.commbank.com.au/home-loans/property-report.html?ei=whycba-report

Property Value - Get Property Report & Insights - CommBank

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Home loans

                 / 

Property reports

Property Value: Reports & Insights

Thinking about buying or selling a home? CommBank's property report provides the latest information on new listings, auctions, recent sales, suburb profiles. Obtain a property estimate and make more informed property decisions before placing an offer.

                        Know your property

                        Tools & support

                        Features and benefits

Book appointment

Know your property & the market

Using the most up-to-date information from CoreLogic, Australia’s leading property data, information, analytics and service provider, our Property and Suburb Reports provide a comprehensive snapshot of a property and its neighbourhood.

See sample Property Report

See sample Suburb Report

Tools & support

Get the report

Following an appointment with one of our Home Lending Specialists, access an unlimited number of reports and get all the insights to the property you may be interested in buying or selling, as well as compare it against similar properties on the market.

Book appointment

Buy a home

Get access to all the property reports, tools and guidance you need in one place in Buy a home within the CommBank app.

Find out more

Know your borrowing power

Get the confidence to act quickly when the right property comes along. Calculate your income and expenses to estimate how much you may be able to borrow for a home loan. Check conditional pre-approval.

Check now

Features & benefits

Estimated price

Find out what the property is worth based on recent comparable sales.

On the market

Our reports provide in-depth information on properties for sale in the neighbourhood, including listing dates, agents and lot plan details.

Suburb insights

Get median sale prices, value of sales, rental and demographic profiles.

Rental information

Interested in an investment property? See comparative rental properties including weekly rental prices, rental yield and capital growth.

Radius search

Our lenders can perform a radius search for you that targets a particular property as a starting point and look for comparable properties in the surrounding area.

Territory builder

Want to be close to a certain school, your parent’s home, or workplace? Our lenders can build your own 'territories' using an interactive map that will return all the homes in this area that meet your criteria.

Simplify your property purchase with Home-in

CommBank has partnered with Home-in, your personal home buying concierge, simplifying complex processes and helping you in every step of your home buying journey.

Get started

Start your home buying journey with us today 

Know your borrowing power

Get the confidence to act quickly when the right property comes along

Check conditional approval

Apply for a loan

When you've found a property or want to refinance with CommBank.

Apply for a home loan

Ask a Lending expert

Talk on the phone or in person – whatever works best for you.

Book an appointment

Make informed property decisions with Buy a home

Get access to all the property tools and guidance you need in one place in 
Buy a home
 within the CommBank app. 

Check out Buy a home

Message us 24/7

Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

Was the information on this page useful?

Yes

No

Thanks for your feedback. Have a suggestion? Please 
help us improve
.

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Things you should know

^ Conditional pre-approval provides an estimate of the amount you can borrow based on the information you provide. The loan attributes, as well as interest rate changes, may result in changes to the amount you can borrow. The amount you can borrow is also subject to verification of your financial position, satisfactory security and to the Bank’s normal credit approval. It shouldn’t be considered an approval for a loan or a loan offer. Full terms and conditions (including fees and charges payable) will be included in the Bank’s offer documents, if an offer is made.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank