https://www.commbank.com.au/business/home-loans.html?ei=hbhp-dual-needs

Home loans for business owners

Skip to main content

Skip to log on

Skip to search

Accessibility at CommBank

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Log on

NetBank log on

CommBiz log on

CommSec log on

Banking

Home loans

Insurance

Investing & super

Business

Institutional

CommBank Yello

Locate us

Help & support

CommBank Search. Dialog start.

Search CommBank. Start typing…

Popular searches

Travel insurance

Foreign exchange calculator

Discharge/ Refinance authority form

Activate a CommBank card

Cardless cash

Interest rates & fees

Help & support

Locate us

Contact us

                Business

                 / 

Home loans for business owners

Home loans for business owners

Are you a sole trader or self employed? Our dedicated Home Lending Specialists are here to help business owners like you find the right home loan.

                        Why CommBank?

                        Rates & fees

                        FAQs

                        Tools & support

Book appointment

Why CommBank?

Simple verification

Streamlined income verification process for self-employed business owners.

Same rates & benefits

You won't be charged a higher rate just because you're self-employed.

Dedicated support

Our specialists will guide you through every step of the process.

Flexible appointments

Talk to us over the phone or in person at a time and place that suits you.

Our simplified verification process

A simple application process for business owners with less documents to prove your income.

Get in touch with our Home Lending Specialists to discuss your options.

Book appointment

You may be eligible if:

You’re self-employed

You pay yourself a regular salary from your business

If eligible, you'll need:

Six months of salary credits in an account

Financial records showing profit and loss for the last two years, with a profit each year

In some instances, we may need more information. Our Home Lending Specialists will let you know.

Don't have these documents? Here are 
other options
.

Rates & fees

5.59

%

PA

Standard Variable Rate
1

5.98

%

PA

Comparison rate
2

Get access to offsets and an extensive range of features

1
Standard Variable Rate (Owner Occupied Principal and Interest) for new borrowings with 
Wealth Package
  and  
Loan to Value ratio
 of 60% or below (with discount margin offer).

Rate effective from 22 August 2025.

3
 Product discount margin on Standard Variable Rate loans may vary from time to time and is determined by CommBank based on the highest product discount margin on campaign offers between application assessment and time of loan contract. Minimum new borrowings of $10,000. 
Comparison rate warning

Learn more

Fees

Fees and charges are detailed in your letter of offer including:

A one-off establishment fee

A loan service fee

Fees may be waived on eligible home loans with 
Wealth package
.
3

Frequently asked questions

                                    What other documents can I use for the simplified verification process?

If you don't have six months of salary credits, you may use one of the following:

Most recent Personal Tax Return and Notice of Assessment (NOA)

One payslip showing more than six months YTD income

One payslip showing less than six months YTD income and most recent PAYG payment summary statement, tax-ready income statement or tax return

If you don't have financial records showing profit and loss for the last two years, you'll need a letter from your accountant (on their company letterhead) confirming your business has:

Sufficient profits to meet business commitments

Traded profitably for the last two years

                                    If I'm not eligible for simple income verification, what do I need to show to get verified?

If you’re self-employed and not eligible for simple income verification, you'll need to provide extra documentation. This may include:

Standard ID

Personal tax returns from the last two years and your latest notice of assessment (NOA), or a letter from your accountant confirming that tax returns are final and have been lodged with the ATO

Business tax returns from the most recent year

Most recent business financial statements, showing profit and loss for the last two years

This list is a general guide. Talk to a Home Lending Specialist to find out what documents you’ll need.

Tools & support

Home loan repayments calculator

How to refinance your home loan if you're a small business owner

Self employed or running a small business? Check out these six steps to help you refinance your home loan.

Learn the steps for refinancing

More calculators & tools

Upfront costs calculator

How much can I borrow?

Business cash flow solutions

Home loan comparison calculator

CommBank Home Hub

Budget planner

CommBank My Property

All home loan calculators

Message us 24/7

Get instant help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need 
CommBank app
 notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply. 

Message us

We're here to help

Book an appointment

Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you. 

Manage your loan online

Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.

Contact us

Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.

Message us

Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.

Things you should know

This information is current as at 11 October 2024 and is for general information purposes only. It has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should consider the appropriateness of this information to your circumstances before acting on it.

2
 Comparison rate calculated on a $150,000 secured loan over a 25-year term. WARNING: Comparison rate is true only for the examples given and may not include all fees and charges. Different terms, fees or other loan amounts might result in a different comparison rate. Comparison rates for variable Interest Only loans are based on an initial 5-year Interest Only period. Comparison rates for fixed or guaranteed Interest Only loans are based on an initial Interest Only period equal in length to the fixed or guaranteed period. During an Interest Only period, your Interest Only payments will not reduce your loan balance. This may mean you pay more interest over the life of the loan.

3
 To apply for a 
Wealth Package
, you must have an eligible home loan or line of credit with an initial package lending balance of at least $150,000 at the time of your application. Package lending balance is the sum of the account balance of eligible home lending accounts and the credit limit of Viridian Line of Credit accounts that you have with us at the time you apply for Wealth Package. Eligible home loans include: Standard Variable Rate home loan, Fixed Rate home loans and Viridian Line of Credit. A non-refundable annual fee of $395 is payable in advance. The package can be established in the name of one or two individual’s name/s, or in the name of a corporate entity. It cannot be established in the name of a business or family investment trust. Please refer to the 
Wealth Package Fact Sheet
 and 
Package Terms and Conditions
 for full details.

Calculations are estimates provided as a guide only and are not a loan approval. They assume interest rates don’t change over the life of the loan and are calculated on the rate that applies for the initial period of the loan. Interest rates referenced are current rates and may change at any time. Fees and charges are payable. The calculations do not take into account fees, charges or other amounts that may be charged to your loan (such as establishment or monthly service fees or stamp duty). Lenders' Mortgage Insurance or a Low Deposit Premium may apply to your loan depending on the size of your deposit, security, applicant and loan attributes. This is a one-off cost and will be added to the loan amount. Any of these additional amounts will increase repayments under the loan.

Applications are subject to credit approval, satisfactory security and minimum deposit requirements. Conditions apply to all loan options. Full terms and conditions will be set out in our loan offer, if an offer is made. Fees and charges are payable. Interest rates are subject to change. As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances before acting on the advice. You should also read our 
Financial Services Guide
.

Back to top

QUICK LINKS

            Security & scams

            Help & support

            Financial assistance

            Complaints & compliments

            Payment services availability

ABOUT US

            About CommBank

            Careers at CommBank

            Sustainability

            Newsroom

            Investor centre

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

            Accessibility

            Important documents

            Banking Code of Practice

            Cookies policy

            Privacy statement

CommBank acknowledges the 
Traditional Owners
 of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.

©
2025
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945                   

Commonwealth Bank